A Republican strategy to counter the re @-@ election of Obama
Republican leaders justified their policy by the need to combat electoral fraud .
However , the Brennan Centre considers this a myth , stating that electoral fraud is rarer in the United States than the number of people killed by lightning .
Indeed , Republican lawyers identified only 300 cases of electoral fraud in the United States in a decade .
One thing is certain : these new provisions will have a negative impact on voter turn @-@ out .
In this sense , the measures will partially undermine the American democratic system .
Unlike in Canada , the American States are responsible for the organisation of federal elections in the United States .
It is in this spirit that a majority of American governments have passed new laws since 2009 making the registration or voting process more difficult .
This phenomenon gained momentum following the November 2010 elections , which saw 675 new Republican representatives added in 26 States .
As a result , 180 bills restricting the exercise of the right to vote in 41 States were introduced in 2011 alone .
The new election laws require voters to show a photo ID card and proof of US citizenship .
Furthermore , these laws also reduce early voting periods , invalidate the right to register as a voter on election day and withdraw the right to vote of citizens with a criminal record .
Before the 2006 elections , no US State required voters to show a photo ID card .
Indiana was the first State to impose such a requirement .
In 2008 , the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the constitutionality of the Indiana law .
The Republican authorities were quick to extend this practice to other States .
Over the past two years , they sponsored bills in 34 States to force voters to show a photo ID card .
It is important to note that , unlike Quebec , American citizens do not have a universal ID card such as the health insurance card .
In fact , 11 % of American citizens , i.e. 21 million people of voting age , do not possess a photo ID card issued by a government agency of their State .
In addition , five million new voters in 2012 do not have such identification .
And it often costs over a hundred dollars to obtain the required identity card .
The new restrictions disproportionately affect young people , minorities and people with low incomes .
In fact , 25 % of African Americans , 15 % of those earning less than $ 35,000 ; 18 % of citizens over 65 and 20 % of voters 18 to 29 years old do not have the required photo ID card .
And that &apos;s not all .
Students , voters considered to be voting more for Democratic candidates , are not allowed in several States to use the photo ID card issued by their institution .
On the other hand , these same States allow fishing or hunting club members , who vote more Republican , to use the cards issued by these clubs when they vote .
Prior to 2004 , no State required proof of citizenship to vote .
Arizona was the first to introduce such a requirement .
Since 2011 , a dozen States have adopted laws requiring voters to prove they are American citizens .
These measures are clearly intended to limit the Hispanic vote .
However , it appears that two out of three Hispanic voters favour the Democratic party .
What is more , in 2011 Republican legislators sponsored laws abolishing the registration of voters on election day in eight States .
In addition , they limited the right of individuals and groups to provide assistance to voters wishing to register .
These restrictions are not without consequence .
For example , during the 2004 general election , voter registration campaigns contributed to registering around 10 million citizens .
However , the measures adopted since 2009 have led to a 17 % drop in the registration rate of new voters in 2010 compared to 2006 .
In addition , Republican legislators have enacted laws in five other States aimed at reducing the early voting period .
For example , during the 2008 general election in Florida , 33 % of early voters were African @-@ Americans , who accounted however for only 13 % of voters in the State .
The same applied to Hispanics .
These represented only 11 % of voters , but 24 % of citizens who voted early .
On the other hand , 76 % of voters were white but these represented only 46 % of early voters .
Of course , Democratic legislators and their supporters vigorously opposed the adoption of laws restricting voter registration .
Several bills were blocked by vetoes of Democratic governors .
The United States Attorney General intervened to suspend the most controversial laws .
They were able to partially limit the damage .
For example , only 16 out of 34 States have adopted laws requiring the presentation of a photo ID card .
However , the new rules put in place will undoubtedly make it more difficult to exercise the right to vote in 2012 .
Democratic critics denounce the partisan character of the laws that have been passed and they see a clear objective of influencing the 2012 results in key States .
A 2011 Brennan Centre report shows that the States that have adopted these laws represent 171 of the 270 votes needed in the electoral college to win the Presidency .
It is too early to say with certainty that these legislative changes in the electoral system will have significant impacts on the outcome of the 2012 presidential elections .
But one thing is certain : these new provisions will have a negative impact on the turn @-@ out .
In this sense , the measures will partially undermine the American democratic system .
Prostate cancer screening : take the test or not ?
Indeed , the PSA test sometimes shows erroneous results with false negative or even false positive results , which involve unnecessary medical interventions .
Enough to make already reluctant men hesitate to take screening tests .
Take the test or not ?
We asked two specialists for their opinion .
In studies conducted in the United States , there was a lot of contamination between control groups , so it is difficult to interpret the data and make firm recommendations .
Another study , this time a European one , concluded that there was a difference in mortality between patients who were screened and those who were not .
This study also showed , with a follow @-@ up after 12 years , that it is between 30 and 40 % more likely for metastases to occur in the absence of screening .
I therefore recommend the test from age 50 , or 40 if you have a direct relative who previously had prostate cancer .
African @-@ American men are also more at risk .
The key is to make the right decision once cancer has been detected .
There are aggressive cancers and others that are indolent .
The patient really needs to be made to understand the degree of risk of his cancer , by offering him the options available , not necessarily treating prostate cancers that are not long @-@ term life threatening , and opting instead , in such cases , for active monitoring of the disease .
Today , many men in whom cancer has been detected will not be treated because their cancer is not aggressive and is not life threatening .
Active monitoring will be suggested , and if the disease progresses , they will be offered treatment .
More and more , specific criteria are being determined in order to decide who should or should not be treated .
Therefore I recommend taking the test .
But the important thing is to have a discussion with your doctor to determine whether or not to take it .
In collaboration with the Société internationale d &apos;urologie &#91; SIU &#93; , Movember has created a tool that makes it possible to evaluate the pros and cons of the PSA test .
You can download the document ( in English for the time being , a &#91; French &#93; translation will be available shortly ) at this address : http : / / ca.movember.com / fr / mens @-@ health / prostate @-@ cancer @-@ screening
Preventing the disease
Unfortunately , there is no miracle recipe for preventing cancer .
Despite the progress in research , the adoption of healthy living habits remains the best way to reduce the risk of suffering from it .
It is estimated that if everyone ate well and exercised enough , 30 % of cancers could be prevented .
&quot; If no more people smoked , this rate would increase to at least 50 % , &quot; says André Beaulieu , spokesman for the Canadian Cancer Society .
On the other hand , it is estimated that roughly 10 % of cancers are hereditary .
Some are also completely unexplained .
For the Canadian Cancer Society , the fight against tobacco remains a priority , despite the decrease in the number of smokers .
Cigarettes are linked to 85 % of lung cancer cases .
It is also a risk factor for a number of others .
This massively damages people &apos;s health .
&quot; Even today , there are 1.5 million smokers in Quebec &quot; deplores spokesperson André Beaulieu .
Encouraging data : 10 years after giving up smoking , the risk of dying from cancer drops by half .
Weight
Overweight and obesity are also conducive to the onset of the disease , according to the SCC .
They can increase the risks of cancer of the breast , colon and rectum , oesophagus , pancreas and uterus .
&quot; Research shows that the regular practice of physical activity throughout your life protects against colon cancer &quot; it is also said .
Diet
The organisation also recommends limiting your consumption of red meat .
In large amounts , it increases the risks of developing colo @-@ rectal cancer .
Likewise , so do cured meat products , and these should be avoided .
The conservation of meat by smoking , drying or curing can cause the formation of carcinogens .
&quot; They can damage cells in the body and lead to the development of cancer &quot; it is explained .
Vitamins
In recent years , a number of scientists have studied the links between vitamin supplements and cancer .
For the time being however their research is inconclusive .
Studies on vitamin E are contradictory , according to the SCC .
While one study noted a decrease in the risk of prostate cancer , another noted an increase .
Also the effect of vitamin D on cancer is not clear .
In addition , Mr Beaulieu emphasises the importance of discussing your concerns and family history with your doctor .
&quot; Taking a screening test doesn &apos;t give you cancer . &quot;
The Higgs boson revealed
The announcement of the probable discovery of the Higgs boson created quite a stir last summer , and with good reason .
Indeed , it is believed that this boson is part of the mechanism responsible for the mass of everything in the Universe , no less .
Also it is the last particle whose existence is predicted by the Standard Model - our best or &quot; less worse &quot; explanation of the nature and behaviour of matter - but which has not yet been observed empirically .
But for physicists , it is still not completely sure that it really is the Higgs .
We know without a shadow of a doubt that it is a new authentic particle , and greatly resembles the Higgs boson predicted by the Standard Model .
In addition , new data unveiled this week at a large physics Congress in Kyoto seem to confirm this , but there are still insufficient data to be perfectly sure .
But let &apos;s suppose that it really is the Higgs , since the chances of being mistaken seem slim , and see what it is .
In our world , there is a fatally unavoidable law which states that two things cannot meet at the same place at the same time .
There &apos;s no way to break this rule - and don &apos;t try too hard , you &apos;ll go mad .
However , even though particle physics is a very strange world , it turns out that it also has a law of the same kind : the Pauli exclusion principle , which states that two particles cannot occupy the same space at the same time if they are in the same &quot; quantum state &quot; - this &quot; state &quot; consisting roughly of certain of their characteristics .
Based on this , physicists classify particles into two categories .
In one corner we have good citizens called fermions , who wisely obey the Pauli principle .
While lurking in the other are the bosons , a nasty band of anarchists who respect nothing - at all events , not this principle , which means that they can indeed be found in the same place at the same time .
These bosons are then divided into two groups , according to the Berkeley Labs Particle Adventure site ( absolutely extraordinary , by the way ) : mesons , which we will not discuss here , and &quot; force particles &quot; by which the great forces of nature are propagated and to which the Higgs boson may be somehow related .
These bosons , it must be stressed here , are not all such exotic bugs as you might think .
In fact , if you can read this article , it is thanks to an extraordinarily banal boson : the photon , or the &quot; light particle &quot; which is the &quot; messenger &quot; of the electromagnetic force .
When , in fact , a particle having an electric charge accelerates or changes direction , this &quot; disturbs &quot; the electromagnetic field in this specific place , rather like a pebble thrown in a pond .
This &quot; disturbance &quot; produces an electromagnetic wave ( of light , infrared , ultraviolet etc . ) , and this wave is nothing other than a photon - and thus one of the &quot; force carrier &quot; bosons .
More stable field
The same applies to the Higgs boson , with the difference that it is another field , the Higgs field , which must be &quot; disturbed &quot; for the boson to appear .
Now , this Higgs field is much , much more stable than the electromagnetic field ; to excite it , it is necessary to achieve very , very high energy levels , rather like a frozen pond which would need a very large rock to wrinkle the surface .
Which is why a huge particle accelerator like the one at CERN - the Large Hadron Collider is a ring with a 27km circumference ! - is needed to achieve such energy levels .
The analogy with the electromagnetic field is again useful for explaining the relationship between the Higgs and mass .
In fact not all particles , or all materials , interact with the electromagnetic field .
Some , such as magnets , do so , but others don &apos;t - a piece of paper , for example , will never stick to a fridge .
And likewise , not all particles interact with the Higgs field : those that do so have mass , while the others ( such as the photon ) do not .
Now , what is it that all this research &quot; can bring &quot; ? asks Ms Plamondon .
For science , it serves to check the validity of the Standard Model ( SM ) , and also allows physicians to examine any discrepancies between the observations and predictions of the SM .
A number of people , moreover , fervently hope that some will be found , because the slightest difference could open a door to a &quot; new physics &quot; and plug certain holes in the Model .
This , it must be said , still has huge shortcomings , offering no explanation for gravity ( oops ! ) or dark matter , which forms approximately 80 % of the matter in the Universe ( re @-@ oops ! ) .
But to date no such discrepancies have been found at CERN .
Repercussions
The repercussions of this research on the daily life of the man in the street are more difficult to predict , but it would be wrong to assume that there won &apos;t be any .
Remember : in the very early 60s , the pioneers of the laser at Bell Laboratories did not suspect the revolution that would be triggered by their work .
They had an inkling of the scientific applications , but nothing as to the rest .
In fact , the late Willard Boyle - a physicist who worked at Bell Labs , where the laser was invented in 1960 , and who himself developed the first continuous laser ( the first were pulsed ) in 1962 - told us that initially the laser was rather seen as a &quot; lab gadget . &quot;
Just imagine ...
And then , applications can also come from all the instrumentation that surrounds research .
For example , the same Willard Boyle developed a small light sensor in 1969 , during his work in optics .
This sensor , although this was not at all the original intention , now serves as an &quot; eye &quot; to all digital cameras worldwide , and earned him the Nobel physics prize in 2009 .
This does not of course mean that the activities of the LHC will necessarily transform our lives , but it does mean that , actually , you never know ...
Palliative care - The best way to die ... &#124; Le Devoir
With its Dying with Dignity Commission , Quebec recently discussed the delicate issue of the end of life .
The debate is due to resume shortly as a bill is being prepared .
However , in this vital area , much remains to be done .
Le Devoir attempted to look more closely .
Just a few weeks ago Mr L. lived alone in his Montérégie apartment .
The festering prostate cancer had allowed him a two @-@ year respite .
&quot; They gave me five years to live , I &apos;ve made it to seven , &quot; he says , with mixed emotions , lying in his bed at the Victor @-@ Gadbois palliative care home in Beloeil , where he arrived the previous day .
&quot; But it &apos;s still a shock , you can never be prepared for it &quot; he adds .
The disease is doing its work : huge weakness which prevents him going to the toilet alone , and even eating alone .
Sitting in front of an appetising lunch , he consents to being helped to eat , resigned .
Courageous , he even manages to smile , talks to the strangers bustling around him , bringing him his medication , offering him a bath .
The courage of ordinary death .
&quot; What I want most is to be cured of my diarrhoea , it &apos;s humiliating &quot; he confided .
A few hours later , the team found a cure for this illness .
&quot; During our lives , we learn that a man pisses standing up , &quot; says Pierre Brodeur , psychologist at the Victor @-@ Gadbois home .
Regressing to the stage of a child , for some people , is an unacceptable humiliation .
&quot; It depends on the person &apos;s ability &quot; to accept the regression , he says .
Because , in the opinion of a number of people working in palliative care , great moments occur at the very heart of such regression .
Patients at the Victor @-@ Gadbois palliative care home all suffer from cancer .
They have a maximum life expectancy of three months .
At this stage , the team of doctors and nurses surrounding them no longer provides so @-@ called &quot; curative &quot; care .
For Mrs A. , 89 years old , the worst fear is to die &quot; conscious and suffocating . &quot;
But the disease has made me discover my children .
&quot; I have fine children &quot; she adds .
&quot; I don &apos;t wish for anything more in life &quot; she says , before accepting having a mask put on to help her breathe .
She looks forward nevertheless , in the next few days , to a last visit by her son coming from Italy .
At Victor @-@ Gadbois , a group of volunteers provides bodily care and help with feeding .
This is palliative care , given when there is nothing else that can be done .
To make death more comfortable .
In Quebec , there are palliative care beds for 11,700 inhabitants .
This is very few when we know that we will all die one day .
Here , life continues under the best possible conditions , explains Dr Christiane Martel , one of the doctors at the home .
Whether at a physical comfort , emotional or spiritual level .
A person who is dying will accept being helped to drink brandy or Pepsi , whatever is their tipple .
Diabetics no longer need to control their blood sugar .
And death is part of everyday life .
Yesterday evening , a beer was served to Mr X , who died during the night .
This morning , it is his son who will finish the beer at the feet of the deceased .
&quot; We help relatives as much as patients &quot; says Nathalie Savard , Director of Care .
At the Victor @-@ Gadbois home , one day follows another but no two are alike .
Along with a 93 @-@ year @-@ old man who is savouring his last meeting with his family , sitting firmly wedged in his pillows while toasts are drunk in his honour , a 36 @-@ year @-@ young man is dying tragically , surrounded by his parents , his wife and his two young children , after having tried everything to survive .
&quot; For six months , there have always been three to five beds which are occupied by cancer patients less than 45 years old &quot; says a concerned Dr Christiane Martel .
53 % of patients admitted to the Victor @-@ Gadbois home come from their homes , 47 % from hospital .
Lack of access to palliative care
It is said that 77 % of Canadians simply have no access to palliative care , which is care designed to ease the pain when a patient has reached the terminal stage of life , be it at home , in hospital or in a care home .
And a number of organisations , such as the Victor @-@ Gadbois home and the Palliative Care Society in Greater Montreal , specialise more or less exclusively in care provided to cancer patients .
It is precisely this large gap in Quebec health care which has made a number of palliative care physicians fear the adoption of a law on euthanasia and assisted suicide .
Since October , a manifesto , signed by palliative care luminaries including Dr Balfour Mount and Dr Bernard Lapointe , has been circulating to demonstrate their opposition to such an initiative .
According to Dr Christiane Martel , the Quebec health system is not effective enough to ensure that everyone will be entitled to quality palliative care before it is accepted to proceed to euthanasia .
Recently , she says , I saw a patient spend 14 days in emergency , in great pain , without anything being done to ease her suffering .
I &apos;m afraid that patients ask to die because they don &apos;t receive adequate care .
And at the same time , some oncologists work relentlessly on their patients until the last day , despite the worst prognoses .
Hélène Richard &apos;s survival hopes were already minimal when she ended her gruelling chemotherapy .
When I announced to my oncologist that I was stopping the treatment , she told me she regretted that I had given up fighting , she said .
However , she had told me I was finished !
No all @-@ powerful care
Dr Martel believes that 90 % of patients asking to die thank care @-@ givers for not having acceded to their request after they have been relieved of their pain by a palliative care team .
But it must be said that palliative care is not absolutely all @-@ powerful in the treatment of pain .
According to Elsie Monereau , Palliative Care Director with the Palliative Care Society in Greater Montreal , patients are resistant to treatment against pain in 8 % of cases .
At the very end of life , physicians then often resort to palliative sedation , which is equivalent to putting the patient to sleep until the time of death , either sporadically or permanently .
We can no longer pretend not to understand this part of their suffering .
Increasingly , an unrelieved patient will have the option of having such palliative sedation .
Patients who are not relieved always say the same thing : &quot; I want to die . &quot;
But this does not necessarily mean &quot; I want you to euthanise me , &quot; it means &quot; I want to be relieved . &quot;
This report was made possible thanks to a journalism award from the Canada health research institutes .
Widespread real estate scandals in Quebec
Day after day highway officials , building contractors , political party fund @-@ raisers and Italian mafia specialists tell what they know of a formidable &quot; system , &quot; combining the building industry , government officials , politicians , trade unionists and organised crime .
An &quot; industry &quot; which has cost Quebec taxpayers dearly , especially in the 1990s and 2000s .
&quot; It is curious how the system is crumbling since we took drastic measures &quot; says Jacques Duchesneau ironically , a Quebec politician and former Montreal Chief of Police .
It was through him that the scandal broke in 2011 , in an in @-@ depth investigation into corruption related to road construction contracts in Quebec , to which the liberal Prime Minister at the time , Jean Charest , had consented only reluctantly .
The &quot; Duchesneau report &quot; established a direct link between industry , under @-@ the @-@ table financing of parties and bribery of officials .
&quot; Since the inquiry opened in 2010 , he says , the Ministry of Transport alone reportedly saved a billion dollars on contracts , &quot; with certain people curbing their instincts to get a share !
The Charbonneau Commission &quot; has already brought down two mayors &quot; he adds , hoping that it will succeed in &quot; revealing the schemes behind the individuals . &quot;
A permanent anti @-@ corruption unit , created in 2011
The Permanent Anti @-@ Corruption Unit , created in 2011 , is also coupled with its army of government analysts , investigators , and auditors .
Plus the &quot; Marteau squad &quot; policemen who , since 2009 , have apparently led the Montreal &quot; sewer cartel &quot; to soft pedal on the inflation of contracts ...
In recent weeks , it has conducted a series of searches and brought charges of fraud and corruption against municipal politicians , such as Frank Zampino and Richard Marcotte , Mayor of a suburban town .
Next on the list is apparently Gilles Vaillancourt , who has just resigned from his post as Mayor of Laval , third largest city in Quebec .
He is suspected of pocketing repeated bribes in exchange for public contracts .
Others formally accused are Montreal highway engineers and Italian entrepreneurs , including Tony Accurso and Lino Zambito .
The latter caused a sensation by explaining the mechanics of the public contracts &quot; system &quot; to the commission .
He himself paid 3 % of the value of the contracts obtained in Montreal to an intermediary linked to the mafia who in turn paid the money to Union Montréal , Mayor Gérald Tremblay &apos;s party .
Mr Zambito has handed money out freely in the 2000s , giving over 88,000 Canadian dollars ( roughly 68,000 euros ) to provincial parties , especially the Liberals then in power .
He also admitted having organised an illegal fundraiser for former Liberal Deputy @-@ Prime Minister , Nathalie Normandeau .
Sewer contracts with inflated costs
In Montreal , the corruption &quot; system &quot; ran smoothly .
Gilles Surprenant , former public works engineer , described it in detail in front of the commission : in ten years , he received from construction companies gifts , invitations to trips , golf tournaments , restaurants , hockey matches and bribes totalling 736,000 dollars , in exchange for sewer contracts of which he inflated the costs .
Other highway officials admitted having their palms greased by inflating invoices by 30 to 40 % , and by false add @-@ ons .
Then an organiser of the Mayor &apos;s party , Martin Dumont , accused Mr Tremblay of having deliberately closed his eyes to a parallel budget feeding his coffers with dirty money .
Following these revelations , Mr Tremblay resigned in early November , plunging Montreal into a major crisis .
Chantal Rouleau was one of the first women in Montreal to raise the alarm .
Mayor of the borough of Rivière @-@ des @-@ Prairies , to the East of the island , she protested in 2010 against the sale of municipal land bought for 5 million dollars and resold for ... 1.6 million to developers , at the height of the real estate boom .
70 % dirty money in election campaigns
On the investigation which will eventually be implemented , she says she &quot; is following a thread in order to find out how the system - infiltrated by ants - works , to put a stop to the gangrene and catch the culprits . &quot;
The process , she says , is &quot; painful but positive . &quot;
The wound is being cleaned , but Montreal would need its own investigative unit with ongoing monitoring , to avoid the return of these questionable practices .
How to clean house .
Properly .
Jacques Duchesneau notes for his part that &quot; officials stole hundreds of millions of dollars , &quot; but he is especially concerned about the role of &quot; elected people aware of the scheme , &quot; when they were not up to their necks in the scam !
Estimating the share of dirty money in the financing of election campaigns in Quebec at 70 % , he says dryly : &quot; I was told that it was only a pale reflection of reality . &quot;
The Quebec government proposes to limit donations to parties to 100 dollars , but this will not change the situation , he says : &quot; Until election expenses are strictly limited , there will be dirty money in politics . &quot;
He advocates a complete overhaul of the system for granting public contracts and party funding : &quot; We can &apos;t go any lower ; getting to the bottom of things , with courage , will help to rebuild the house on more solid foundations , with more controls and laws . &quot;
Although this story tarnishes the international image of Quebec and Montreal , Mr Duchesneau invites anyone laughing to look in their own backyard ...
&quot; PSG is not FC Barcelona ! &quot;
This season , you have taken on a new stature with PSG .
How do you explain this progression ?
It can be explained by individual awareness but also by the new dimension of PSG .
Some great players have arrived .
Every day I &apos;m making progress alongside them .
The technical staff has also brought me a lot .
Day by day , all these things help me raise my level of play .
And , in a match , it &apos;s easier .
Everything moves very fast in football .
But I don &apos;t get worked up .
From my debut at the Clairefontaine INF pre @-@ training centre to my transfer to Saint @-@ Etienne , I &apos;ve always moved step by step .
So you benefit from the competition brought in by Carlo Ancelotti ...
This summer &apos;s recruits are used to playing matches at a high level .
They also know that every training session is crucial .
Which is what makes a player like me want to face up and give my best .
On the other hand , Carlo Ancelotti gives me a lot as regards my position .
He &apos;s supported by deputies like Claude Makelele , who played in the same position as me .
Is Ancelotti the man for the job ?
Definitely .
Ancelotti inspires respect among all the experts .
Today he has no equal in Ligue 1 , and he &apos;s one of the best coaches in Europe .
He has masses of experience and has won many titles with top clubs .
He &apos;s worked with great players .
I think he will bring more titles to Paris .
In January , I had an encouraging discussion with him .
I was just coming back from a series of injuries .
The confidence he gives me also explains my performance .
What importance do you attach to the first part of the season for PSG ?
In Ligue 1 , Lyon overtook us at the top .
But we &apos;re waiting on the sidelines .
One of our main goals is the Champions League : we qualified for the last 16 in the right way .
What is the club &apos;s goal in this competition ?
We &apos;ll try to go as far as possible .
From now on , anything can happen .
But we &apos;ll have something to say against some very good European teams .
First of all , we want to finish top in our pool , ahead of Porto , to have home advantage in the last 16 match .
Can PSG become a top European club in the short term ?
It already has the budget ...
To become a top European club , Paris needs to win titles and keep it up over time .
Today , this isn &apos;t the case .
Financially , PSG has the means to make it happen .
In Ligue 1 , would not winning the title , like last season , be a big failure ?
Definitely , it would be a major disappointment .
This year , we &apos;re really committed to winning the championship .
We weren &apos;t far away last season .
In May , there was great disappointment because we were good enough to finish first .
It was a terrific season .
We finished with 79 points .
Normally , 79 points is good enough to be top ...
But another team , Montpellier , had an even more fantastic season .
I think this is the year .
Even if big teams like Marseille , Lyon and Bordeaux are competing for the title , I think we have the weapons to win .
Do you think the media expect too much of PSG ?
It &apos;s normal for them to expect a lot from us given what &apos;s been invested and the players we have .
We totally accept it .
After we won 4 @-@ 0 at home against Troyes and they still found things to blame us for , that &apos;s definitely a bit frustrating .
You wonder what more people expect .
You &apos;re never going to win 4 @-@ 0 every weekend .
We &apos;re not FC Barcelona !
We &apos;re trying to implement a game project .
It takes time to build a team .
The Champions League proved we could hold our own .
Look at Manchester City who , for two seasons , have failed to qualify for the last 16 , despite also having spent huge amounts !
Based on the amounts invested , you should be 15 points ahead at the winter break !
That would be to ignore our opponents and the French Championship .
Lyon and Marseille , who were no good last season , were &quot; boosted &quot; by the new PSG .
This shows that Ligue 1 is exciting .
I hope that in May we will be able to smile in saying that , despite all the difficulties , we finally did it .
PSG seem totally dependent on the exploits of Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
So much so that people say there is a &quot; Zlatan dependence . &quot;
This means Ibrahimovic is very successful and scores a lot of goals .
That &apos;s why he came , and he &apos;s proving he &apos;s the star of Ligue 1 .
He &apos;s demonstrated everywhere he went that he was a great player , a world star .
Within the group , we respect the man and the player .
And also he respects the men he has around him .
What he has done is truly exceptional .
It pushes others to raise their level of play .
Thiago Silva , who is one of the best defenders in the world , also helps everyone else progress .
How did you get on in Euro 2012 with the France team ?
A disappointment .
I really wanted to play in this Euro .
Unfortunately , my injury prevented me from getting any game time .
I saw some things there and came out stronger .
Today , I &apos;m playing well in selection matches .
Which is what I &apos;ve been hoping for since my baptism with the Blues .
I &apos;ve learned the lessons from what happened in the Ukraine and I now owe it to myself to have exemplary behaviour .
What do think about Didier Deschamps &apos;s first few months in charge of the Blues ?
He has the results he wanted .
We &apos;re well placed in the World qualifying group .
The coach is tough , close to the players , and inspires them to win .
Like Laurent Blanc was .
But I don &apos;t want to make any comparisons .
Blanc had achieved his goal when we qualified for the Euro .
I hope Didier Deschamps will take the Blues to Brazil .
Did the good draw ( 1 @-@ 1 ) snatched in Spain , on 16 October , represent a founding match ?
That match gave us confidence .
Everybody fought for everybody .
Before that shock in Spain , I &apos;d never experienced such a match in my career .
With Bitcoin , pay and sell without banks
The opposite of current monetary exchanges , based on central banks , identified transactions and processing fees among the parties involved .
In addition , as often in these technologies , a political vision is palpable : the belief that the current monetary system , made up of banking monopolies , leads to financial crises .
In fact , Bitcoin , invented by Satoshi Nakamoto ( a pseudonym ) , is both a virtual currency ( but convertible into dollars , euros ) and a secure exchange protocol like BitTorrent , which allows peer @-@ to @-@ peer file exchange .
Around 200,000 transactions have already been recorded via 15,000 computers on the network .
Close to a thousand web sites accept bitcoins as donations or means of payment .
The bitcoin exchange rate , after reaching a peak of 30 dollars ( 23 euros ) in June 2011 , fell to 2 dollars five months later , returning today to around a dozen dollars ( rates are listed on the bitcoincharts.com site ) .
Nothing very impressive , compared to global transactions in real currency or financial products .
However , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) took an interest in it in a report on virtual currencies published in October .
It describes bitcoin as &quot; the most successful virtual currency , &quot; &quot; in competition with the dollar or the euro &quot; and &quot; similar to conventional currencies . &quot;
Bitcoin differs from other types of virtual currency such as &apos; credits &apos; , used to progress in a video game which you win by playing or which you can buy ( and sometimes exchange in return ) .
The social network Facebook has also developed this kind of system .
But , on each occasion , a central authority controls and handles the exchanges .
With Bitcoin , all nodes in the network are both custodians of the book of accounts , auditors , currency issuers , and buyers and sellers .
How does the network operate ?
Each transaction between two users is actually carried out between two electronic addresses like with an e @-@ mail .
Except that a user can choose a different address for each payment , thereby ensuring anonymity .
A set of information associated with this transaction is signed electronically by a dual @-@ key encryption system .
So the network can verify the authenticity of the transaction .
Using the contents of the file , it is also possible to ensure that the exchanged bitcoins exist in the public book of accounts , broadcast across the entire network .
The key step is entering the new transaction in the book .
It passes through the resolution of a mathematical challenge issued to the computers , and the winner , a kind of interim central banker , will have the privilege of adding this extra line .
This is a file hashing phase , i.e. the transformation of a large file into a shorter and unique digital imprint .
Computers &quot; take &quot; the new transaction and add a number to it , then &quot; hash &quot; it all up .
The goal being to find the number that gives a special imprint ( lots of zeros at the beginning ) .
Once this number has been found , the other nodes can easily check that it is the right one .
The transaction is then indestructibly linked to the chain of all the other transactions ; any modification would alter the imprint .
If a user wanted to defraud by paying twice with the same money very quickly ( less than ten minutes ) , only one of the two transactions would be validated by the network - the other would remain an orphan because the two have different imprints .
The computer that resolves the challenge wins 50 bitcoins .
To avoid inflation , this award is regularly divided by two , probably by the end of 2012 .
The number of bitcoins in circulation is therefore limited to 21 million , but they are divisible down to the hundred millionth , which leaves some margin ...
The difficulty of the challenge is also raised with each increase in computing power .
The life of the network has had its ups and downs .
Websites providing services for Bitcoin have been attacked and bitcoins in deposits stolen .
&quot; The loophole used is not the protocol itself &quot; says Pierre Noizat reassuringly , who has just launched Paymium , a real currency payment company that uses the Bitcoin network .
The ECB also highlights the possibilities of money laundering using this anonymous service .
But cash also has this weakness .
Major players like Wikipedia refuse donations of this nature .
Others , such as the WordPress blog platform , accept them .
Recently , Adi Shamir and Dorit Ron , from the Weizmann Institute in Israel , analysed the accounting books and showed that almost 80 % of bitcoins do not circulate .
In November , &quot; huge sell @-@ offs &quot; were launched .
&quot; Thirty thousand dollars were exchanged &quot; welcomes Jon Holmquist , who works for Coinabul , which converts bitcoins to gold .
Pierre Noizat , also author of an educational book on this currency , has a lot of faith in the potential of this technology as a transaction network .
His system , Paytunia , is equivalent to a credit card ( in real money ) or a contactless payment by mobile , but it uses Bitcoin to validate transactions , which are thus cheaper .
Also the user manages his identity and can therefore be anonymous .
The system is easy to implement by merchants , who do not need to install new terminals or software .
They just need to provide an address that a phone can &quot; photograph and recognise &quot; says Pierre Noizat , who confirms he has thousands of users .
There is a general movement to reappraise hierarchical systems for more horizontal systems .
&quot; It will take time for Bitcoin to become firmly established , but 2013 could be a turning point , &quot; he predicts .
The ECB , in its report , says it will reassess the various risks , currently regarded as high , in the event of the currency &apos;s success .
We got out of Afghanistan .
What now ?
French troops have left their area of responsibility in Afghanistan ( Kapisa and Surobi ) .
NATO and the Americans are due to follow in late 2014 .
It is time for the Afghan army to resume possession of its territory and the Afghan people to choose their future , without expecting us to do everything .
It is mainly Afghan peasants that we have punished by regarding them as terrorists .
And ourselves , with our 88 soldiers killed , plus the wounded , the maimed .
The Taliban is composed of foreign extremists , former leaders in refuge in Pakistan , but often peasants who refuse the presence of foreign armed forces , like in the time of the Soviets .
They want to defend their traditions , both ancient and archaic , even though they have been joined by Jihadists , Pakistanis , Arabs , Uzbeks , Tajiks .
Tolerated , sometimes assisted , by local insurgents , the latter will no longer be so when Westerners become more scarce .
The departure of French troops from the Nijrab base , which I observed from the top of hills of almond trees planted with French funding , was carried out in an orderly fashion .
Convoys of trucks and armoured vehicles reached Kabul without being attacked , overflown by helicopters .
There will be no wave of the Taliban in Kabul by the end of 2014 .
Circumstances have changed since their irresistible advance between 1994 and 1996 .
At that time Kabul was empty , the country being torn apart by the struggles between different factions .
Their takeover of the country had been perceived then as a sort of liberation , a return to safety .
Afghanis paid the price of the obscurantism of these peasants by the organisation of Al @-@ Qaeda , but their situation has not improved today .
Former Mujahidin , the Afghan Government and the current Taliban are allied in the desire to keep women in an inferior position .
The main anti @-@ Soviet war leaders returned to power in 2001 .
They became profiteers , seizing government land to resell as building land to refugees returning from Iran and Pakistan , benefiting from huge American outsourcing contracts .
They have become discredited ; what is more , most of them did not fight themselves .
The people , as I heard in the countryside , want a Government that is not made up of thieves .
Many young people want to leave , as those who were able to benefit from American largesse will leave : the flight of capital is considerable .
The young people are tired of war and its ideologies .
They have rubbed shoulders with the modern world during their exile in Iran or Pakistan , and appreciated the benefits .
Roughly 65 % of the population is less than 25 ; Kabul now has 5 million people , a fifth of the total population .
In towns and cities , the state schools are full , with girls and boys alike .
It will be necessary to provide work for those young people who no longer want to return to the obscurantism of the former parties or the corruption of certain leaders .
All of them , including the armed opponents , are partial to mobile phones ; television , with its Turkish soap operas that show a modern world , is followed everywhere .
The army is now present .
Will the authorities who command it be considered legitimate ?
Former commanders of the anti @-@ Soviet struggle are already thinking about restoring provincial militias , which will escape the central power .
Afghanistan , land of mountains , with strong local identities , should be able to benefit from a certain decentralisation , in the image of the Western nations , but the United States wanted to turn it into a centralised State , with strong presidential power , abolishing the post of Prime Minister , which had existed since the 1964 Constitution .
President Karzai does not want any foreign controls , particularly on the occasion of the elections in April 2014 .
But , since the 50s and already well before , his country has been dependent on foreign aid .
No industries have been re @-@ established , no dams are in good condition , no major irrigation systems have been repaired .
Everything is imported ; nothing is produced , apart from fruit and vegetables .
The Priority is left to private initiative .
In a country ruined by thirty years of war , government control over the infrastructure would have been necessary .
The rumour was spread that Afghanistan had huge mineral wealth .
This only added to the feeling that the Westerners were only there to seize it .
With no energy to process the iron ore or copper on site , or means of transport to export it across the mountains , there is no mining .
The Chinese have already almost left the Mes Aynak copper mine , leaving international archaeologists ( funded by the World Bank ) to search the huge Buddhist site and remain the largest employers in the province .
One day it will also be necessary for Afghanistan and Pakistan , on which imports and exports largely depend , to restore normal relations .
The departure of French combat troops was completed on 20 November .
The new cooperation treaty provides for the continuation of traditional aid : girls &apos; high school , boys &apos; high school , French Department at the University , French Institute , cooperation in the military , legal , medical and agricultural fields , support to the archaeological Delegation .
Since 2009 , to try to &quot; win hearts and minds &quot; and achieve the impossible task of reconciling aid and offensive actions , a &quot; civil @-@ military actions &quot; service from the Ministry of defence ( Cimic ) , closed in 2012 , has carried out , and continues to carry out successfully , through a small French NGO , many community and agricultural rehabilitation projects in dozens of mountain villages .
These projects , involving large numbers of local labour , have helped to contain the insurgency : irrigation , wells , drinking water , reforestation , fruit trees , soil protection and increase in cultivable areas .
What will we leave as a souvenir , after two billion euros of military spending ?
A much more modest budget would contribute to improving local living conditions , which are very hard in these valleys often located over 2,000 metres above sea level .
The Embassy has received dozens of written requests for small agricultural projects from local communities in Kapisa province .
To be in a position to free themselves from the uprising led by foreign groups , which is what farmers told me they want , a small amount of civil aid should be maintained in their favour , well controlled and directly affecting them .
A Constitution by force in Egypt
A new gamble for President Mohammed Morsi .
While Egypt remains more divided than ever around the constitutional declaration , which temporarily grants him full powers , he has decided to go for broke .
Taking everyone by surprise , he announced on Wednesday that the Constituent Assembly would vote on its final text the following day .
Just a week ago , the head of State had given the Assembly two more months to finish its work .
For two years Egypt has relied on a provisional text , amended several times and this has weakened institutional stability and led to legal imbroglios .
This new initiative has only served to enhance the divide in the country .
According to his opponents , the President is persevering in his &quot; autocratic delirium , &quot; continuing to &quot; go back on his word &quot; and &apos; trample the law . &quot;
His supporters affirm that this is the quickest way to put an end to the institutional and political crisis , by speeding up the transition process .
A referendum is due to be held within the next two weeks .
A very short period , which forces the Brothers to abandon their plan to explain the text , article by article , to the Egyptians .
For the President , it is also a way to achieve popular and democratic legitimacy while the dispute rages throughout the country .
Mohammed Morsi seems convinced that Egyptians will vote favourably , as he stated in an interview with the American weekly Time .
Particularly since a hasty vote smacks of an ultimatum to the Egyptian people : &quot; Either you vote for my text , or I keep full powers , &quot; these powers supposedly expiring following adoption of the Constitution .
It was in a strange atmosphere that 85 members of the Constituent Assembly , with a large Islamist majority , voted on the text yesterday .
Most of the liberals were missing .
In mid @-@ November , shortly before the constitutional declaration , they had slammed the door , feeling they had failed to assert their views .
Representatives of human rights , religious minorities or civil society had done likewise .
In order to obtain a quorum , 11 members , alternates , were hastily added yesterday morning .
Some of them are very close to the Muslim Brotherhood .
Not surprisingly , the articles were for the most part voted unanimously .
Commentators were also amused that one of the only diversions of the day was expressed with regard to ... the hour of prayer , some Committee members feeling that the Constituent Assembly clock was wrong .
The text , which was still being voted on yesterday evening , has 234 articles .
The main focus of attention , article 2 , remains in the final analysis identical to that of the 1971 Constitution , stipulating that &quot; the principles of sharia are the main source of law . &quot;
The Salafist parties , for which the establishment of Islamic law is a major claim , were hoping to replace &quot; the principles &quot; by &quot; the rules , &quot; which would have allowed stricter application .
For the Islamists , the fact that this article was not amended is a guarantee of their goodwill and their respect for the other elements of Egyptian society .
&quot; Hypocrisy &quot; respond the liberals , who see only a communication coup .
Because in their opinion Islamisation of the Constitution is done through other articles .
They refer in particular to article 220 , which grants Al @-@ Azhar University an advisory role , with particular reference to verifying the conformity of the laws with sharia .
According to Egypt specialist Sophie Pommier , this is worrying because &quot; the people called upon to advise are not elected and have no democratic legitimacy .
This suggests the beginnings of a theocracy . &quot;
The liberals &apos; fears are also fuelled by the fact that the next Rector of the university will probably be much less moderate than the current one .
&quot; For the time being , there is no concrete religious implication .
With this Constitution , things remain under civil rule .
Most of the lawyers who worked on this text are not Islamic law scholars but academics , some trained in the French system &quot; qualifies Alexis Blouet , who is writing a thesis on the Egyptian constitutional transition .
But he acknowledges that &quot; there may be some ambiguity regarding article 220 , because the terms used borrow from the religious vocabulary .
Reference is made in particular to &quot; fiqh &quot; &#91; Islamic jurisprudence , Editor &apos;s note &#93; .
And the question could be asked in future to what extent civil judges are competent to pronounce on it . &quot;
Beyond its religious aspect , the text voted on yesterday is highly criticised due to the extensive powers it grants to the President of the Republic .
The Muslim Brothers argue that they are significantly reduced compared to what they were under the former regime .
Another issue : the powers conferred on the army .
In accordance with the wishes of the military , the Defence budget review will be not submitted to Parliament , but to a National Defence Council .
Nor will trials of civilians will be banned in military tribunals , as requested by associations for the defence of human rights .
Who also voice their concerns about the text , which they consider repressive .
The offence of blasphemy is maintained and insults are now prohibited , which could have serious consequences on freedom of expression , particularly for the press .
In addition , no longer does any of the articles refer to the protection of women , highlights Heba Morayef , from Human Rights Watch .
In her opinion , the only positive point is the prohibition of torture in article 36 .
The word was not included in the previous Constitution .
While the Egyptian President was speaking yesterday evening on television , demonstrations are planned for this afternoon .
Supporters of the Head of State will march on Saturday .
In Israel , holy places await Ukrainian tourists , the omphalos and a sea of saline water
The Holy Land combines the splendour of biblical truths , modern comfort and primeval nature .
AiF &#91; Argumenti i Fakti &#93; newspaper highlighted the five most important reasons why it is a must to visit Israel .
Let &apos;s worship the holy places
It is worth visiting the River Jordan where Jesus was baptized .
It is considered that all who enter this baptism &quot; bath &quot; are blessed by God .
Galilee is the place where Jesus performed his magic : turned water into wine at a wedding , walked on water , calmed a storm , and filled the nets .
This is also where Jesus came before his disciples and after the resurrection .
But the biggest number of holy places is in Jerusalem .
Believers walk through the Way of Grief or Via Dolorosa .
It starts by the Antonia Fortress - Praetorium - where the judgement took place , and brings us along the streets of the Old Town to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre on Golgotha - the place of the crucifixion , Stone of Unction and the place of Jesus &apos; burial .
This is also the location of the symbolic Christian omphalos , which symbolizes the salvation of mankind .
The Holy Cross Monastery in Jerusalem is erected at the site that , according to Christian legend , yielded the tree used to make the cross for Jesus &apos; crucifixion .
Jerusalem has the most holy places for the Jews as well - the Wailing Wall , which remained from a temple destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD .
According to tradition , people of different faiths leave notes here with their wishes , which are then fulfilled .
Travel along a vertical
Ruins of the Massada Fortress remain from a secret refuge from enemies , built by Herod in 25 BC for his family .
They are located on cliffs in the mountains at an elevation of 450 m above sea level .
They can be reached on foot only by those who are into mountain climbing .
Others are delivered to this historical mountaintop by a cableway .
In the north of the country , at an elevation of 1600 @-@ 2040 m , there is a famous ski resort called Hermon , which fills up with tourists in winter months .
A shuttle bus brings people to it from the foot of the mountain .
The total length of ski pistes is 45 km .
According to an ancient legend , pagan gods used to live on the mountain .
Visit unique museums
This country has about 300 museums .
You won &apos;t be able to visit all of them on one trip
But at least the five most interesting ones are worth a visit .
Among them - Museum of Israel , located close to Knesset ( Parliament ) .
It has ancient Qumran manuscripts and Dead Sea scrolls found in the caves of the Judean desert , along with about 500,000 archaeological and anthropological artefacts .
The Museum of Art in Tel @-@ Aviv is also interesting .
Its exhibits include a wide range of impressionists and expressionists like Monet , Pissarro , Renoir , Sisley , Cezanne , Matisse , Modigliani , Chagall , Picasso .
In Akko , you can visit the bath museum Al @-@ Basha , which consists of several rooms of ancient Turkish baths with models of visitors and bath attendants of the time .
In Caesarea , it is worth visiting the unique private Ralli Museum , where you can enjoy the sculptures of Dali and Rodin .
There are no tour guides or gift shops .
Entry is free of charge , and contributions are strictly not allowed .
The fifth one is the Holocaust Museum or Yad Vashem in Tel @-@ Aviv , which tells one of the most dramatic stories in history .
The most tragic section is the children &apos;s memorial , built in memory of 1.5 million children killed in concentration camps and gas chambers .
You go in and find yourself in complete darkness .
Stars are glimmering ,
and you listen to names of Jewish children and countries where they died .
Ukraine is mentioned there too .
Wellness
There are three resort areas in Israel , located on the coasts of the Mediterranean , Red , and Dead Seas .
Each have swimming pools , aqua parks , dolphinaria and oceanaria .
It is notable that one can swim in the Red Sea even in winter months , because the water temperature does not drop below 21 degrees and the air warms to 23 degrees .
The Dead Sea is even warmer , and people swim in it all year round .
Incidentally , it is the most unusual sea in the world , located in the lowest point of the planet - 417 m below sea level .
Its azure water is saline and easily keeps you afloat , even if you don &apos;t know how to swim .
The surrounding landscapes are surreal in their beauty .
People come here to undergo a course of treatment using salt water - wraps and medicinal muds , and to improve their health if they have dermatitis , allergies , asthmas , eczemas , arthritis , bronchitis , or diabetes , or to return emotional balance .
Touch the mysteries of antiquity
They are preserved in the old section of Tel @-@ Aviv - in the town of Jaffa on the Mediterranean Sea .
The famous sea route connecting Egypt , Syria , Anatolia , and Mesopotamia runs through it .
The city is mentioned in ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian legends .
According to legends , this is where Noah built his ark and Perseus saved the beauty Andromeda , with whom he lived a long and happy life .
Tourists really like to wander the narrow streets named after signs of the zodiac .
They say , if you touch the walls on the street of your sign , fortune will come to you .
In Jaffa , you can meet newlyweds who come from all over Israel and even from other countries for photo sessions .
And in Caesarea - the city of King Herod - you can walk around a Roman theatre , &quot; capture &quot; the Crusader fortress .
During the Roman period , Caesarea was the main city of Judea and the residence of Roman prefects , including Pontius Pilate .
The carefully restored theatre is now used for evening concerts and opera performances .
A note for the tourist
When you go to Israel , don &apos;t worry about your bad English knowledge : approximately 30 % of the country &apos;s population speaks Russian .
For the trip , it is better to take dollars , not euros , because they are easily exchanged for shekels ( currently 1 dollar = 3.8 shekels ) .
City transportation is mainly buses , but Jerusalem has a high @-@ speed tram , and Haifa has the only subway line in the country , comprising six stops and connecting upper town with lower .
In essence , it is an underground cable railway .
A ticket for any type of city transportation costs 6 shekels , and you can ride for 1.5 hours with transfers .
According to the Jewish tradition , Sabbath is celebrated in Israel .
Between Friday evening and the sunset on Saturday , markets , stores , and public transportation stop working .
The work week starts on Sunday morning .
Many cafes , restaurants and hotels have only kosher food , with no pork , seafood , fish with no scales , or dishes that combine milk with meat .
There is a wide selection of dishes from lamb and beef , soups and desserts cooked using coconut milk , traditional Jewish hummus paste , various sauces , falafel ( balls made of ground chickpeas ) , fruits and vegetables .
The streets of Israel don &apos;t have homeless dogs .
But there are many well @-@ fed cats , which walk around lazily .
In the evening , they can even be seen sleeping on roofs of parked cars .
These pussycats like busy places and do not refuse treats .
Car rental , depending on car type , costs from 37 ( Hyundai Getz ) to 188 ( Audi A6 , Volvo S80 ) dollars a day .
Plus insurance of 15 dollars a day .
Bike rental costs 15 shekels a day .
Museum entrance costs 30 shekels on average .
In numbers
In 2012 , over three million tourists from around the world visited Israel .
Visitors and holidaymakers arrive mostly from the USA , Russia , France , Germany , Italy , England , and Ukraine .
Between January and October 2012 118,800 Ukrainian tourists visited the Holy Land , which is 51 % more than a similar figure in 2010 , before the removal of the visa regime on February 9 , 2011 .
Only the &quot; high and mighty &quot; make it to Moscow : migrants save money for language
While deputies and human rights activists argue about the purpose of the law on mandatory language testing , the country already has scam artists who sell fake certificates .
Every year , 13 million migrant workers come to Moscow , St. Petersburg and other cities in Russia .
Mostly these are citizens of Central Asia : Uzbekistan , Tajikistan and Turkmenistan .
Their only goal is to earn money to support families back home .
A new law came into effect on December 1 , which obliges every migrant worker to pass a Russian language test .
For the moment , this law applies only to those who intend to work in services , housing and utility services , household services , and retail .
But with time - as promised by the Federal Migration Service - tests will become mandatory for all non @-@ residents .
In addition to language , Russian history and basics of the legal system will be tested .
Language knowledge will have to be confirmed both to receive and to extend the work permit .
An exception is in effect only for citizens of countries where Russian is a state language .
People who received education certificates and diplomas before the fall of the USSR in 1991 are also exempt under the law .
Purpose , doomed fate , and the protection of rights
Seven testing points will be operating under the auspices of the Pushkin Institute of Russian Language , Peoples &apos; Friendship University of Russia , Moscow State University ( MGU ) , St. Petersburg State University ( SPbGU ) , and other Russian education institutions .
Migrants can take the tests in all cities ; more than 160 such centres have been opened .
The initiative to introduce the testing was supported by State Duma members and the Federal Migration Services .
But human rights activists , asked the question repeatedly in the press before the law came into force : what will it actually achieve ?
What will the obligation to know Russian change for the Russians and for the non @-@ residents ?
First of all , according to representatives of the migration service , this will allow to reduce the number of people suffering from labour slavery .
Many speak about protection of the rights of work migrants , explains the Head of the representative office of the Federal Migration Services of Russia , Viktor Sebelev .
Rights protection should begin before their departure .
Only the system of organized selection will enable us to solve 90 % of the problems of foreign workers .
Migrants without profession , education , who do not know Russian , who do not have a medical certificate start to have problems .
If a migrant does not understand the language , says Sebelev with certainty , he is doomed to come across unconscientious people , who , pretending to help , will force upon him a &quot; ticket &quot; to terrible , cramped barracks where many others like him will suffer without food and documents , slaving away 12 @-@ 14 hours a day .
We receive many complaints from our migrants .
&quot; They are promised one thing at home , but when they arrive , they are lied to , their passports are taken , they are not paid what they were promised , &quot; confirms the Head of the Main Migrant Labour Administration of the Migration Service of Tajikistan Tolib Sharipov .
Not be angry , boss !
Nonetheless , many citizens of Central Asian countries , who plan to go to work in Russia , admit that not only their understanding of the language of the country where they are going is not good , but they can barely write in their own language .
Naturally , this is not so much their fault , but due to poverty : very few Turks , Uzbeks , and Tajiks can afford even a basic education .
Their families don &apos;t even have food to feed their children , not to mention decent clothing , shoes , and supplies .
After reaching adolescence , these kids go to work at the first opportunity .
It is hard , if language knowledge is bad , they admit .
&quot; You feel humiliated and inferior . &quot;
But human rights activists note one important point about the law on language .
Testing will be conducted only for those migrants who have legal status .
If they have no status , there will be no testing , nor any official work in the future .
In the meantime , most of the migrant workers continue to live in Russia illegally .
&quot; Welcome , or No Unauthorized Entry &quot;
Many of the foreigners assert that receiving official status in our country is not that easy .
The reason lies in bureaucratic hurdles and the already mentioned language difficulties .
In addition , legalization costs money : from 12,000 to 16,000 rubles .
Whereas a fake registration is done quickly and costs only one and a half thousand .
Officers of the Russian Police know that we mainly have fake papers , without registration , hence the extortion .
&quot; They ask for a hundred or two for cigarettes , tea , &quot; Umed Khushkadamov , a citizen of Tajikistan , shared with journalists .
&quot; Roll up , don &apos;t be cheap , get your artwork &quot;
On the first day of the law &apos;s entry into effect it turned out that not only migrant registration documents can be fake .
A few forged certificates about passing language tests have been seized by Federal Migration Services officers already .
Forged documents are printed on a standard colour printer .
Naturally , they were not free for their owners : each of the migrants , who had hoped to facilitate the task of passing the tests in this way paid seven thousand rubles for them .
It is two and a half times more than the process of official testing , which costs three thousand .
Government officials and human rights activists agree that the main goal in the near future is to protect the system from corruption , so that the certificates could not just be bought .
For the moment , the authorities can promise migrant workers who could not pass the test the first time to give time to complete a basic language course .
In addition , those who come without Russian language knowledge will be offered work in areas that do not require active communication with people .
The Ministry of the Interior does not put arms from the illegal market back into circulation
The share of crime involving legal weapons is extremely low
The Russian Ministry of the Interior is proposing to toughen up the law for owners of civil weapons .
This is the reaction of authorities to recent incidents : CLICK shots at weddings , where there were no casualties , and the massacre staged by Moscow lawyer Dmitry Vinogradov , resulting in CLICK the death of seven people .
Policemen want to prohibit the carrying of weapons in public places and raise the legal age of weapons licensing from 18 to 21 .
The idea was supported by the head of the Duma Committee on Safety and Anti @-@ Corruption , Irina Yarovaya , who promised that the amendments to the law on weapons will be brought to the State Duma in the near future .
Not everyone is happy that the Russian authorities are trying to fight the problem by &quot; tightening the screws . &quot;
An open letter appeared online , whose authors - representatives of different social rifle organizations - demand to abandon the &quot; senseless toughening . &quot;
The percentage of crime involving registered weapons is minimal , said criminal lawyer Vasily Lesnikov to BBC Russia .
According to the Ministry of the Interior &apos;s statistics , 142 crimes using firearms registered with law enforcement agencies have been committed in the six months of 2012 , whereas 1,168,000 crimes have been recorded in total for this period .
Authors of the open letter are certain that the toughening of the law in the area of civil weapons will not prevent the criminal from going to the &quot; black &quot; market .
According to them , one can find any weapon at a low price right now .
Nonetheless , the Ministry of the Interior asserts that the situation of the spread of illegal arms is under control .
Suppliers : from plants to officers
The &quot; black &quot; market of weapons is replenished through several channels .
There are five such channels , explains retired colonel Viktor Baranets , who has worked in the Ministry of Education and the General Staff for 10 years .
Screenshot of the site that accepts orders for weapons .
First : &quot; army or military loot , &quot; i.e. weapons that were stolen during the fighting in the Caucasus .
&quot; Weapons were stolen by Russian officers and by the Caucasians , &quot; says Baranets .
Next are &quot; black weapons , &quot; stolen by criminals from representatives of defence agencies .
Baranets explains that this covers weapons taken from police warehouses and those stolen directly from law enforcement agencies &apos; employees .
Illegal arms are taken to be sold from military warehouses .
Explosions have often been heard at military warehouses .
&quot; There are proven theories that some of the fires were intentional , in order to cover the shortage , &quot; says the former military man .
Manufacturers of weapons make their contribution , according to Baranets .
&quot; There are so many private weapons factories now , which do not endure competition on the international market and throw weapons from under the counter to the black market , including in Moscow , &quot; says the expert .
Another source of the &quot; black &quot; market is trafficking .
An especially high number of guns and machine guns come from poor countries like Kyrgyzstan .
&quot; There &apos;s production there , sometimes handmade ; and a mafia has formed , which has organized a stream , &quot; explains the former military man .
Where do the weapons come from ?
Experts counted the approximate share of each of the sources of supply of illegal weapons to the &quot; black &quot; market .
A report about this was prepared by the Centre of Problems Analysis and Public Management Planning in 2011 .
Experts analysed the reports of the Department of the Interior and Rosstat , criminology literature and open data from portals on weapons .
The overwhelming majority of illegal weapons , according to the researchers , comes from the military and security forces .
Half of all arms on the black market are there &quot; because of officials , whose work is connected with weapons , &quot; states the report .
According to researchers &apos; data , 17 % of the time the weapons are received from armed conflict areas , 14 % is theft during production , 5 % is &quot; black archaeology . &quot;
A sales consultant of one of the weapons stores , who wished to remain anonymous , asserts that the weapons found by &quot; black &quot; diggers are not being bought any more , because they &apos;re too old .
According to him , dealers go to the military warehouse for a new batch of goods .
One piece , for example a TT gun can be bought from a warrant officer .
It is issued to him , and given through the fence .
&quot; He takes it to the city and sells for 900 euros a piece with two magazines , &quot; he says .
&quot; The truth is that police are aware of everything , that is why periodically , when the crime detection rate is low , it conducts test purchases from illegal weapons merchants , &quot; says the consultant .
&quot; Like in a luxury store &quot;
The buyer and seller often find each other through friends .
I looked at sites , blogs , till someone responded , offering me to go to Begovaya station , where a man will be waiting for me to take me to the &quot; corner &quot; so we can negotiate .
I found out the price of the weapon only there
military commentator Viktor Baranets
To get a weapon , I need someone with connections , says the sales consultant . - I have an acquaintance , but I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s reliable .
There are salesmen on labour markets , but one needs to &quot; come &quot; there conditionally &quot; from John Doe , who asked to tell that his daughter lost a tooth . &quot;
Right now , even if I need a few knuckledusters , I get them through someone I trust .
He also supplies them only to me , because he knows that I won &apos;t give him away .
Beginners look for weapons in different ways .
Former military man Viktor Baranets tried himself as a buyer of illegal weapons in the mid @-@ 1990 &apos;s , when he was preparing to publish an article about this .
The formulas are still the same , according to him .
He was given an album of pictures with &quot; anything and everything . &quot;
&quot; I felt like I was in a luxury store , &quot; he recalls .
According to Baranets , the buyer is not offered a pig in a poke - you can try out everything .
I , the potential client , am not just buying ; we go to the forest with the seller and set a target there .
&quot; I am given the opportunity to shoot , and when I am certain that the weapon is good , we begin to negotiate , &quot; describes the expert .
Store on a sofa
Internet searches lead to sites and &quot; Vkontakte &quot; groups , where weapons &quot; for different purposes &quot; are on offer .
No documents or personal meetings are needed .
&quot; It &apos;s enough to have a certain sum of money , &quot; says the advertisement heading on the website &quot; Buy a pistol or rifle . &quot;
Users leave their requests and ask questions .
Can a minor buy ?
&quot; Without a license , of course , &quot; asks user &quot; John &quot; ( name is changed ) .
&quot; Want to buy a TT , Moscow , &quot; concisely requests &quot; Fedorenkov . &quot;
Federal Security Service now spread a big network of fake sites and there are tons of potential buyers of military weapons .
People come like hungry fish to bait , and then mine coal in Siberia .
military commentator and former military man Viktor Baranets
I heard about this : normally the site is registered outside the area of applicability of the laws of Russia .
People accept orders .
The buyer pays at an ATM .
&quot; In response , a photo is sent with instructions on where the weapon is hidden , &quot; says Press Secretary of the Rights to Weapons non @-@ governmental organization Dmitry Kislov .
Viktor Baranets confirms that after leaving a request on the site you can stay without a weapon and go to jail .
The Federal Security Service now spreads a big network of fake sites and there are tons of potential buyers of military weapons .
&quot; People are like hungry fish after bait , and end in Siberia mining coal , &quot; - he says .
Makarov for 100 dollars
When buying illegal firearms , 100 to 900 dollars is enough according to experts .
According to Dmitry Kislov from the Rights to Weapons organization , a Makarov gun can be acquired for 100 @-@ 300 dollars .
The wait time is a month to a month and a half .
It is shipped from long @-@ term storage warehouses by the mid @-@ level management of these warehouses .
According to official statistics of the authorities , the number of such crimes in Russia on the whole dropped 7 % as compared to January @-@ October 2011 , amounting to 22,900 , while the number of cases of theft and extortion of weapons , ammunition , explosive substances and explosive devices dropped by 7.8 % .
Fast @-@ food and supermarket workers are on strike in the U.S.A.
Up to a fourth of all American teenagers have worked the cash register at McDonald &apos;s at one time or another
In the last few days , there is a wave of protest actions in the U.S.A. against low salaries in supermarkets of the Walmart chain and popular fast food chain restaurants like McDonald &apos;s , Burger King , Taco Bell , Wendy &apos;s and Kentucky Fried Chicken .
Right now , nobody is able to predict whether this wave will turn into the ninth wave or it is destined to fizzle out early .
Actions are being supported by unions and a series of left @-@ wing organizations .
In addition to increasing the low wages received by employees of Walmart and fast food chains , the goal of the protesters is to create unions within them .
This sector of the economy is not covered by any union movement yet .
46 cents a year ?
Actions began last week after Thanksgiving , on Black Friday , when massive sales drew millions of people in America , sometimes accompanied by clashes .
On this day , some employees of the Walmart corporation , which employs 2.2 million people around the world , left their workplaces and picketed together with the unions and left @-@ wing activists from the corporation stores that sell products to people on low @-@ to @-@ medium incomes .
Walmart sells everything imaginable , from diapers , hunting rifles and car batteries , to vacuum cleaners , eggs and milk .
Products in its stores are on average 8 % to 27 % cheaper than in major supermarkets .
So many low @-@ paid Walmart employees shop only at their workplace .
Availability and assortment made Walmart one of the biggest American corporations .
According to critics , Walmart can afford to sell the products cheaply partly because it pays little to its employees .
These latter also complain about hard work conditions , for example lack of lift trucks and hand @-@ held scanners .
Protesters on Black Friday demanded a salary increase and complained that the cost of medical insurance provided by the corporation went from 30 to 100 dollars a month .
A typical Walmart employee , receiving 9.5 dollars / hour , cannot afford this .
Scientists from the Berkeley University in California argue that if Walmart raises the average salary to 12 dollars / hour , it will cost the corporation 3.2 billion dollars .
This is about 1.1 % more than it spends on salaries right now .
If Walmart fully shifts the cost of increasing wages to the shoulders of consumers , each visit to the store will cost only 46 cents more .
In one year , they will only spend 12.39 dollars more than now .
Walmart supporters happily note that the protests took place in nine states and did not cause any damage at all to the corporation .
Black Friday continued in its stores from 8 in the evening on Thursday till midnight the next day , and during the period Walmart sold about 5000 products a second .
In total , its cash registers conducted nearly 100 million transactions on Black Friday .
Representative of the corporation , Dan Fogelman , asserted in an interview with a left @-@ wing site , the Huffington Post , that a total of &quot; less than five &quot; Walmart employees left the workplace , and the protest act was just &quot; another PR trick &quot; of the union that organized it .
&quot; Free cash register ! &quot;
Protests continued this week in New York , where their object was not Walmart ( they &apos;re not so welcome in the progressive city , that is why they don &apos;t exist here yet ) , but McDonald &apos;s and other cheap restaurants .
McDonald &apos;s says that it sells billions of portions , and despite this it doesn &apos;t even give you sick days or pay you for honest work !
Jumaane Williams , member of the City Council of New York
At the moment , the minimum salary according to federal and NY law is 7.25 dollars an hour .
Fast food restaurants increase it with time , but very little . On average their ordinary employees in New York earn 8.90 dollars / hour .
Nobody earns less in this expensive city .
I cannot understand how one can survive in New York on this money .
Once upon a time , almost a fourth of American teenagers went through McDonald &apos;s , working part @-@ time after school , living with parents .
Few saw this as a source of living or planned to stay there for long .
Now I continuously come across interviews with McDonald &apos;s employees , who complain that they have to survive on this salary and sometimes even feed their children .
On the other hand , there is a comment on the Wall Street Journal forum , whose author notes that it is irresponsible to have children if you do not know how you will feed them .
Participants of the protest that began at 6.30 a.m. on Thursday near the McDonald &apos;s on 40th street and Madison Avenue demanded that cashiers and cooks of the fast food chain be paid at least 15 dollars / hour , i.e. more than double their present wages .
They also demanded the creation of unions in the fast food industry .
American law prohibits the administration from preventing this or punishing activists of the union movement by nagging or firing .
On the other hand , the administration does not often ease their life .
But for objective reasons it is hard to cover fast food with a union .
One of them is the unusual turnover of employees .
Disagreeing
Noisy protests began on this day in a number of other cheap restaurants in Manhattan .
The highlight of the action was the afternoon meeting near McDonald &apos;s by Times Square , where several local democratic politicians spoke out . One of them , Jumaane Williams , said : &quot; McDonald &apos;s claims it sells billions of portions , and despite this it doesn &apos;t even give you sick days or pay you for honest work ! &quot;
Demonstrators were supported by other prominent NY democrats , like Bill de Blasio , a candidate for NY city mayor , who said : &quot; We need to voice our joint support for the fast food employees , so that they can achieve fair wages and economic wellbeing , which every New Yorker deserves ! . &quot;
According to the New York Times , this was the biggest action of this kind in the history of the American fast food industry .
But only a few hundred people took part in it , and many of them were not fast food employees , which comprise tens of thousands of people in New York .
It is unclear right now whether this will spark a mass movement .
&quot; At the moment , the mind cannot be deceived too well &quot;
Among modern technology fans a popular topic is augmented reality , lately seen primarily through the prism of special glasses .
At first , a functional model was shown by Google in the summer , at its annual conference . Then , in November , it was announced that Microsoft filed an application for patent too .
However , according to the conversation with the leader of the group of interactive 3D technologies in the Cambridge laboratory of Microsoft , Shahram Izadi , glasses are a thing of the past for scientists in this company .
They are drawn by the prospect of manipulating virtual objects in the air with bare hands , creating virtual open spaces .
- Please tell us , in simple terms , about the work your research group does .
- We work on the interaction of people with machines , at the same time trying to expand the boundaries of this interaction .
While people in general are stuck at working with pixels on a flat screen and sometimes pointing fingers at them .
We want to look 5 @-@ 10 years into the future and predict cardinal changes in this interaction .
For example , Xbox and Kinect sensors are a step forward . Almost no Xbox is sold without Kinect today , because everyone likes control by gestures .
- What else awaits us in the future ?
- Despite the fact that Kinect shifted the interaction to the physical level , much still occurs on a flat screen , sometimes in 3D .
Information entry has improved ( the system receives more data ) , but output still needs to get better .
We are trying to change this , working on truly three @-@ dimensional display systems based on various technologies , including projection technologies .
We need to let the computer world into our physical world , make it more tangible .
But for this , we need to identify both the user and the space around him .
Then we will be able to supplement the real world with virtual objects in a much more convenient form .
Above all , get rid of these stupid virtual reality helmets !
- What do you think about voice control ?
It &apos;s a popular thing , but is it overestimated ?
- It clearly cannot be called a cure @-@ for @-@ all - there &apos;s a question of privacy , because we do not always want to let the others know about our actions and intentions .
In reality , all types of interaction with computers are good , but each in their own niche .
For example , we had a project to control devices in public places , in which we thought about movements , not wide movements , but small , reserved ones .
Movements were not recorded by a camera , but by a hand bracelet that determined the movement of bones and muscles .
It &apos;s big right now , but in theory it can be reduced to the size of a hand watch .
In general , the future lies in the mixed control , e.g. movement + voice .
- What do you mean ?
- For example , how would you ask me to give you this bottle of water ?
You will talk and show at the same time .
- Usually I just say .
- Oh , that will be very hard to detect .
- So you want to make the users adapt to what the machine can or cannot do at that moment ?
- Not necessarily , but it is a mutual approximation .
I think in the near future , we will mainly work on developing new sensors that will enable more precise determination of a person &apos;s reaction .
This could be , e.g. laser sensors . They have a decent depth resolution , which is very important .
- If we talk about your work with Xbox Kinect sensors , what are your complaints about modern cameras ?
Not enough resolution , depth or something else ?
- In general , the current generation is what we can base ourselves on in working on three @-@ dimensional recognition .
Of course , it would be good to have eight mega pixels with 1000 k / s speed .
It &apos;s not just the mega pixels , though , but the quality of the matrix and the depth .
From the latter point of view , all current technologies are not good enough for us - this adds work to the algorithm designers .
So it &apos;s important to remember about the resolution on the X , Y , but also the Z axis .
Speed , the number of images per second , is also very important .
Human movements are relatively dynamic , and the current 30 k / s is really not enough , especially for gestures .
Steven Bathiche from our Redmond laboratory created a touch sensor with a regulated processing delay from 1 to 100 ms , while modern serial sensors are closer to the latter indicator ( 60 @-@ 100 ) .
Not everyone understands how this affects the interaction between man and machine .
In my work , it would be very useful to have a device that does not require touching and would have more images per second .
- Does the number of cameras need to be increased ?
- In Kinect there are three cameras now , one of which is actually an infrared emitter and the second one , the recipient of the signal .
The third one is actually a regular sensor of visible range .
It is not applied to determine the object &apos;s depth .
Potentially , a large number of cameras could solve the problem ...
Or make it worse , by increasing the required volume of calculations .
It would be nice to create a flexible analogue Kinect , play with the flexion of camera disposition and see how this will help in three @-@ dimensional determination of the position .
- As far as I remember , Microsoft did not present its glasses to the public , unlike Google .
Don &apos;t you think this is one of the most promising platforms from the point of view the everyday use of augmented reality technologies ?
- Certainly it is not very convenient to walk around with a smart phone in your raised hands all the time , but I think that the coolest option would be &quot; transitional &quot; augmented reality , where you could shift from glasses to smart phone , projection display , and everywhere else based on a cloud platform .
Glasses are a very personal device , that is their strength ( private things are seen only by you ) and , at the same time , their weakness - augmented reality based on glasses will not allow you to work on virtual objects together with other people .
- Let us imagine for a minute that manipulation of virtual holographic objects in the air is available not only to Tony Stark from Ironman , but to a regular person .
There is one problem with this idea that the critics often point out : no tactile feedback !
Hands feel nothing !
What answers does your group prepare to this challenge ?
- In my lectures I often say that augmented reality is the seventh consecutive attempt at the interaction between man and machine .
I think that the eighth will probably be the addition of tactile sensations .
For now , one of the interesting tricks is to use the second hand as a sort of matrix for the image .
It is great at registering pushes !
But there are technologies that are really aimed at giving these &quot; images in the air &quot; a sense of tangibility , for example , the interference of several targeted ultrasound rays in a specific point where the finger is located gives a sensation , but very weak right now , as if someone blew on your fingertip .
There are also wrist bracelets that affect the nerve endings in fingers , which is also a promising area .
- Have you tried to deceive the mind ?
To force it to think that it feels something that it should be feeling when it sees something ?
- This is a good idea and we haven &apos;t tried this yet .
It conceals one challenge that will not be solved so quickly - how to force a person , who is physically in a very limited space to believe that he is walking along an open , almost limitless space ; we are working on the concept of treadmills ( not at all like in clubs ) , moving platforms , and giant balloons .
So far deceiving the mind has had limited success , there &apos;s work for many years to come .
That &apos;s what makes working on virtual reality so attractive to researchers - many things are in their very beginnings .
Judgement calls instead of culture - Rosbalt.ru
Rosbalt continues the project St. Petersburg Avant @-@ garde , dedicated to residents who are ahead , in the avant @-@ garde of culture and art .
This top list already includes outstanding figures of the art scene of St. Petersburg , whose achievements reach beyond the scope of the city , often recognized in Europe , bypassing fame in Russia .
The new player in Rosbalt - the bold artist Kirill Miller .
The whole city knows Kirill Miller , a bearded man dressed all in red , who can be seen by the Russian Museum , or by the Summer Garden , or at fashionable parties and shows .
Kirill Miller &apos;s work always brings in crowds of people , no matter where they are exhibited .
Kirill Miller is one of the purely St. Petersburg social and philosophical storytellers and creators of new mythology .
Kirill Miller is an outstanding man of the St. Petersburg avant @-@ garde of the late 80 &apos;s early 90 &apos;s .
Moreover , he is a city man , who makes people smile on the street and lifts up everyone &apos;s spirit .
Recently he took up the street organ and became St. Petersburg &apos;s music man , because he was ready for this complex role with all his Bohemian existence , philosophy and image .
- Kirill , why do you walk around the city all in red , not yellow or turquoise , for example ?
- I chose the colour red as a fashion designer engaged in look and image .
In this world , red is a compromise between artist , image @-@ maker and society .
Although in society , everything that is not grey causes aggression and agitation of the bad kind .
But my provocations are aimed at starting conversation .
The whole history of my provocative actions is an invitation to discussion .
- When did you realise that you must be an artist ?
- At an exhibition in the Nevsky House of Culture , where my work was displayed .
It became clear to me that this is my path .
Then , the wave of older free , unofficial artists was gone , while new , free artists like me were not understood .
I became friends with the artists of the new wave , with post @-@ Gaza @-@ Nevsky style artists ( &quot; post @-@ gazonevschina &quot; ) , which led to Pushkinskaya @-@ 10 , and the wave was no longer .
I &apos;m drawn to theatre , clothing , music , all genres except for literature .
- And all this has been united in your Art @-@ clinic ... - It was important for me to find myself in the centre of the culture of St. Petersburg , where all the best creative forces should come together .
In 1995 , I occupied the territory on Pushkinskaya @-@ 10 , and while the renovation work had not started , there was a musical and creative club , a Bohemian club , the house of the St. Petersburg Bohemia .
Many were born there : NOMy , Tequila Jazz , I remember when Shnur was brought there with the Van Gogh &apos;s Ear project .
Shnur and his friends lip sang easy songs , wearing tight leotards , and the now trendy composer Igor Vdovin was with them .
When the group began to play live , it became Leningrad .
Trakhtenberg was the presenter of many programs before Hali @-@ Gali times .
We gave them Trakhtenberg , and a great career was on its way , but the basic education and mentoring he received from us .
Gallery D 137 , Griboyedov club - all these echo the Art @-@ clinic .
That is where our staff and regular customers left for .
I am a hero of the last century , when culture meant something .
In 2000 , there was a poll in the press , for the People of Our City prize .
I was nominated Artist of the Year , my climax came to an end .
In the new times , it is uncomfortable to work by old rules . I &apos;m a man of truth , honesty and culture of the last century .
In our time , it is easy to become popular , but culture and popularity are different . You can be popular , but not very cultural .
- Your work is marked by a recognizable style .
- Many of my works are hits , with clearly reflected relevance and acuity .
I will have a programme exhibit , &quot; Russian museum in clowns . &quot;
Clowns are a timeless category .
I was social before , now it is painful and scary to be like that .
But everything is blurred in clowns , tragedy is removed .
I like grotesque , I have grotesque ideas .
For example , saving the world by totalitarian changing of clothes by order .
Nowadays , people are judged by appearance , not their inner qualities .
Who knows , maybe you cannot shake his hand , and need to spit in his face .
And the lie will go away with the help of changing clothes .
- Recently we saw you in the role of music man . - A cultural city should have such a character .
Who fits the role better than I ?
- Maybe commercial art can also be beautiful ?
- Nowadays , commercial art should be neat , considerate , sweet .
There is a disintegration of cultures .
People used to get together in flocks , Bohemians liked one thing , the simple people , something else .
Now , everybody is divided into micro societies , it &apos;s hard to be liked by everyone .
I am not a hundred dollar bill to please all .
Now you have to think who you will please .
Now , each cult hero has 100 fans .
- But several thousand come to Stas Mikhailov !
- The cast @-@ outs go to see him , the sexual @-@ social sphere is at work there .
But 300 people will come for culture , not 10,000 . In the end , there &apos;s less management , money , everything dies out .
I have fans ; the main thing is not to betray them , not to spoil what I have earned .
In my youth , I painted such art that one collector had it hanging on the same wall with Falk and Larionov .
I started with paintings , which people usually end with .
Concepts are often mixed up these days .
People say : spiritual culture , consumer culture .
There is no culture in consumerism , it &apos;s &quot; from another opera . &quot;
I am a man of yesterday &apos;s culture . I grew up on examples of artists who lived poor and died in poverty , refused money for the sake of painting .
This is the culture I &apos;m for .
- Kirill , what is St. Petersburg missing ?
- Good cultural experts .
There is such a thing : an official for culture .
But not everyone can be engaged in culture .
Under the right rulers everything was different . Kings may not have understood culture very well , but they understood that they needed to stick with the right experts .
There are good consultants in Moscow right now .
Here in St. Petersburg , there are people who could be experts , but they are pushed to the side , because more advanced experts are needed , who will correctly evaluate these experts and give way to them .
Judgement calls are what thrive now .
Even Erart , but they &apos;re different because they say honestly that we don &apos;t accept all modern art . There are some artists , who need to find other museums for themselves .
- What does St. Petersburg mean to you ?
- St. Petersburg is not a cultural capital , Moscow has much more culture , there is bedrock there .
It &apos;s hard for art to grow on our rocks .
We need cultural bedrock , but we now have more writers than readers . This is wrong .
In Europe , there are many curious people , who go to art exhibits , concerts .
Here , this layer is thin .
We need to make art fashionable , as it was in the beginning of last century .
The project is supported by the St. Petersburg grant .
Give birth in space
The earth is in danger .
Global warming or an encounter with a killer asteroid .
Caravans of cosmic ships with humans on board leave in search of a replacement planet .
To save humanity , the question is how to propagate our race in conditions of weightlessness or on that replacement planet ?
I think the choice is small .
There are only two actual planets that can be explored even hypothetically .
&quot; Venus and Mars , &quot; says Senior Researcher of the P.K. Shternberg State Astronomy Institute ( GAISh ) Vladimir Surdin .
But while conditions on Mars are more appropriate for life , Venus has 500 @-@ degree temperatures .
Life is possible only at a high altitude or on the orbit of Venus ... in space .
The question of reproduction in space began with flora .
Half a century ago , experiments were run on plants .
Four generations of peas grown in orbit were no different from their earth counterparts .
Then , insects were bred in orbit , small fruit flies .
In 1979 , quail eggs were sent to space , to check how an embryo develops in weightlessness .
We get an absolutely normal chick .
But then the problem begins .
&quot; The problem is related to the fact that this chick needs to find support , needs to get on its feet and start moving , &quot; explains head of the laboratory of the Institute of Medical and Biological Problems ( IMBP ) RAN Vladimir Sychev .
Having found no support , chicks were tumbling around in disorder .
After 10 hours , the newborns experienced complete atrophy of instincts .
Chicks did not react to light and sound .
And the problem was that they simply died after four days .
&quot; We bred chicks twice there , and then stopped , because it is impossible to work with them there , &quot; says Vladimir Sychev , confirming the failure of the experiment with chicks in space .
The last biological &quot; mini @-@ ark &quot; with animals flew into orbit 16 years ago .
In spring 2013 , experiments will continue .
However , only same @-@ sex beings will be on the Bion bio @-@ satellite .
There was an experiment with rats , who were sent to space with foetus .
In principle , there was nothing extraordinary there .
&quot; This was on bio @-@ satellites , but again , it was a singular experiment and such research needs to be conducted , &quot; says Vladimir Sychev .
After landing , the cosmic rats had babies .
But it &apos;s hard to solve the problem of reproduction directly in space .
It &apos;s not an easy task .
Animals simply cannot follow their sexual instinct , when they &apos;re out of their familiar environment .
In principle , people , unlike animals , can .
Homo sapiens have abstract thinking , and are able to create a fitting emotional background .
Such experiments are not conducted for ethical reasons .
But women have been flying to space for 50 years .
The biggest risk was for Tereshkova .
The most valuable thing for humanity is the female body .
Our &quot; Seagull &quot; left and nobody on earth could tell whether she would be OK after flying to space .
Whether she will be able to give birth after this flight .
&quot; Nobody answered this question , &quot; says rocket and space industry veteran , Vakhtang Vachnadze .
In June 1964 , only a year after flying to space , the first woman in space Valentina Tereshkova gave birth to a daughter .
The child &apos;s father , Andrian Nikolaev , was also a cosmonaut .
In 1988 , the second woman cosmonaut , Svetlana Savitskaya , who went into orbit twice and even worked in open space , gave birth to a son .
However , the risk remains .
We have few , very few cosmonauts , who were OK and had healthy children after long flights .
&quot; What &apos;s more , it is dangerous even for orbital flights , &quot; adds pilot and cosmonaut , Hero of the USSR , Hero of Russia , Valery Poliakov .
And yet , humanity needs to seek out some new avenues in biotechnologies , protection from radiation , creation of artificial gravity .
Hydro @-@ laboratory of CPK - mandatory phase of training for a flight .
Here , cosmonauts practice skills of working in open space in zero @-@ gravity conditions .
Water imitates weightlessness .
If for adults water is a foreign medium , although comfortable , for infants it is a native element .
Small amphibians seem to confirm that life came to land from the ocean .
There is a connection with the fact that an infant spends about 9 months in amniotic fluid in the womb ; it is easier to get used to water after that .
In principle , it is logical , because only two weeks pass from birth until the first bathing .
&quot; This is very little time to forget something , &quot; says infant swimming instructor Marina Aksenova .
In other words , if for a newborn weightlessness is more natural , a woman needs gravity , earth &apos;s pull .
Stomach and pelvic muscles usually quickly degenerate in weightlessness ; the ability to push out the embryo is reduced .
Well , let &apos;s assume that childbirth stimulators will work out .
Maybe she will push out the baby in a special room .
&quot; Then what ? &quot; - asks Valery Poliakov about this non @-@ trivial issue .
On the other hand , a baby also needs artificial gravity .
When a body does not feel the earth &apos;s pull , it does not form the skeletal and muscular system .
It is not possible to dress a newborn in orbit into a special loading suit for training , as they do with adults .
He will simply not have what he needs to survive .
&quot; And this experiment , that we will go for by allowing the birth of a child in a foreign environment , will lead to us bringing a handicapped , completely unadapted human to earth , &quot; predicts Chairman of the Committee on Bioethics IMBP RAN Igor Pestov .
For the moment , birth of children in space is just a theory .
However , with time , it will become reality , when earthlings will go to a faraway planet in their ships , and it will become the home for their offspring , who were born in space .
NKU Head : Svarc System audit has failed because of politicians .
The Czech Republic has sound control bodies and a good standard of legislation when it comes to public contracts , but it lags behind in their application .
This was said by Miloslav Kala , vice @-@ president of the Supreme Audit Office ( NKU ) in an interview for Aktualne.cz.
&quot; The Law will never be perfect , but its application should be just - this is what we are missing , in my opinion , &quot; states Kala , commenting on the current situation .
Similar conclusions are also reached by the joint audit from the Czech and German auditors .
As an example of improper practice , they cite Petr Necas &apos;s approach to the so @-@ called &quot; Svarc System . &quot;
The Prime Minister recently claimed that the ODS will not be burdening business owners with its checks - so is it forbidden or allowed ?
&quot; The Law must be set out one way or the other and if it prohibits something , then even the Government &apos;s head cannot prevent the work of its department , which is duty @-@ bound to monitor and enforce , &quot; asserts Kala .
At the audit committee &apos;s session in the House of Deputies , you spoke about a joint project between the Czech Republic and Germany , within which legislation relating to public contracts in both countries was compared .
What exactly was this about ?
This is about parallel auditing , which we began around two years ago .
Simply put , this is about how European legislation governs the handling of public contracts , followed by individual state legislations and then the actual practice itself .
We brought all this together , and although the audit is not yet complete , some very interesting differences have become apparent - in general terms , our legislation might be even &quot; more concise and complete , &quot; however the actual practice is in certain aspects better in Germany .
This confirms that creating more and more concise rules is not enough , and that attention must be paid to the actual application of these laws .
What does this project actually help you with , and what do you think its outcome will bring ?
This kind of joint audit could contribute to curtailing these efforts to specify our law , to reduce and perfect boundaries , when it does not have such a positive impact .
Economy means acquiring the required thing at a reasonable ( which does not always mean the lowest ) price , so that profiteering and possible criminal proceedings may be avoided .
However , just because we have reduced the order limits , does not mean something will be procured .
The system might become overloaded with the amount of paperwork , and those , who wish to look for loopholes in it , will be able to take advantage far more easily than if the limits had remained higher .
These are domestic problems about the practical implementation of legislation relating to public contracts .
How does the audit system work in Germany ?
Is there an office like the NKU , or is it organised differently ?
As far as the office is concerned , the Bundesrechnungshof functions like our NKU , and it is organised like ours , it also has a committee although it is appointed slightly differently , but basically both offices operate similarly .
Powers are also similar to a degree , though of course Germany is organised federally , so these courts of auditors are also at the member state levels - in this respect their system slightly differs from our own .
The BRH can only audit federal money , known to us as state funds .
Public funds , which , for us , are administered by regional and municipal authorities , are audited by the federal courts of auditors there .
When it comes to their legislation , is it more straightforward than ours ?
Overall , I would not like to make a comparison without any specific data , nevertheless in certain respects Germany serves as an example , but it certainly cannot be said that it is better in every aspect .
Is this because , perhaps , they have better enforcement ?
That is certainly not true , but again , I prefer not to make such comparisons .
It should be said that even in a country we perceive as exemplary , they encounter a whole range of problems .
If that were not the case , they would gain nothing from working with our office , would they ?
Coming back to domestic legislation , what did the amendment to public contracts legislation mean for your office , is its impact being felt already ?
The period since the amendment came into force has been quite short , so it has not manifested itself in our audit work yet .
Since we carry out our audits ex @-@ post , a certain delay has to be taken into account .
As yet , we have only observed it within the process of preparing future audits - we have launched our new &quot; fiscal failure risk detection &quot; system , with which we have processed almost 14 thousand public contracts , and these have been analysed - that is where changes will clearly be seen , because of the changed limits , the adjusted conditions governing certain types of selection processes , and so on .
So do you see the adoption of this legislation as a benefit , or rather as another burden on the bureaucratic system ?
I believe this legislation is a step in the right direction , and I hope this will be confirmed .
A problem , which may arise here , is that the law becomes &quot; too constrained &quot; and will not be enforceable .
Under the previous rules , parties being audited were already bound by their audit provider ( for example , in the case of regional operational programmes , the regional office ) to the fact that every infringement of public contracts law means a breach of budgetary discipline .
Is it worth constraining the law in this way , in that case ?
I do not think this is the way .
The system should prevent those who want to attack and abuse it , but not penalise those , who make a mistake on a technicality , which does not affect the final decision .
This kind of system will only increase pressure on bureaucracy .
So how can we get out of this ?
Let &apos;s see where this dead @-@ end takes us .
The Prime Minister recently said the ODS will not be burdening businessmen with audits of the so @-@ called &quot; Svarc System &quot; - what does this mean ?
Is the Svarc System prohibited or allowed ?
The Law must be set out one way or the other , and if it prohibits something , then even the Government &apos;s head cannot prevent the work of its department , which is duty @-@ bound to monitor and enforce .
He may say : &quot; Let us change this law and relax it , &quot; but he cannot say we should pretend it is not there .
The law on public contracts has relatively strict rules about the formalities which must be adhered to - which is the right way to ensure public tenders are protected .
On the other hand , it is a tragedy , when a bidder with the best offer is excluded on a technicality .
The Law will never be perfect , but its application should be just - this is what we are missing , in my opinion .
Roads are icy in places , but mostly passable .
In several places in the Czech Republic , the main roads are icy and snowy .
However , the majority of roads are passable , with extra care needed in places .
Carlsbad region
In the Carlsbad region , the roads have been usable this morning , though in some places they were icy and snowy .
The temperature has dropped to between five and ten degrees below zero , though it is expected to get warm slightly during the day .
Snowing in the region has stopped , and only a thin layer of snow remains in the lowlands .
However , the ridges of the Krusne Mountains have around 30 centimetres of snow .
In some locations there is limited visibility due to mist , according to the local highway service .
The R6 high @-@ speed motorway and primary roads in the region are now usable without restriction .
Caution is , of course , appropriate , for example , on certain bridges , where the surface can be icy and slippery .
All secondary and tertiary roads are also passable , including mountain roads .
In certain stretches of these roads there might be remaining frozen and compacted snow patches .
Above all , at higher levels , extra care should be taken while driving .
Pardubice and Hradec Kralove region
On some roads in Eastern Bohemia , there might be a risk of black ice , at higher altitudes and in the mountains there might be a layer of compacted snow , according to the Road and Motorway Directorate .
The highway service is warning the drivers against black ice , which might occur at higher altitudes of the Pardubice region in particular .
Black ice may occur around Lanskroun , Usti nad Orlici , Policky , Svitavy , and Vysoke Myto , and particularly on secondary and tertiary roads .
The I / 43 and I / 34 roads have been chemically treated around Svitavy .
Snow is particularly affecting the roads in the Krkonose and Orlicke mountains .
At higher altitudes , there is a compacted snow layer on the roads around Rychnov nad Kneznou and Trutnov .
In Eastern Bohemia the day will be mostly clear to partly cloudy , and dry .
Temperatures will be between minus three and plus one degree Celsius mostly , with a light wind .
Pilsen region
The roads in the Pilsen region have been usable this morning , with extra care needed in some places . Drivers should take the weather conditions into account .
The morning will be frosty , with temperatures ranging between three and nine degrees below zero .
Due to the existing snow and subsequent drop in temperature , certain roads may be icy .
Drivers should expect mist in places , though visibility will gradually improve .
This information was reported by the region &apos;s highway service .
The D5 motorway is drivable almost without restriction , but the road services recommend extra caution between the 80th and 131st kilometre marks .
Most primary road surfaces are dry and frost @-@ free .
Southern areas of the Pilsen and Tachov regions may have icy patches .
Secondary and tertiary roads are wet , and may therefore also have icy patches .
Drivers should be cautious especially on less frequented roads in the Bohemian Forest .
Olomouc region
Drivers should expect snow slush on the roads if heading for the higher parts of the Olomouc region .
It is a result of the chemical treatment carried out at Cervenohorkse sedlo and on the way to Videlsky Kriz .
Snowploughs were brought out by falling snow overnight , the Sumperk region , according to highway maintenance , got around three centimetres of snow .
In other parts of the region , roads are mainly passable without restrictions .
&quot; In the Sumperk region , traces of snow have remained at the highest altitudes .
Drivers should expect snow slush at Cervenohorske sedlo in the direction of Jesenik , &quot; the dispatch officer for the Sumperk highway service told CTK today .
Their Jesenik counterparts also made an outing overnight ; the roads all the way to the highest altitudes are now clear and wet following the chemical treatment , according to them .
The Olomouc region &apos;s roads are usable without restriction , while in the area of Sternberk drivers should beware in wooded areas , where roads have remained wet .
Usti nad Labem region , Liberec region
Since this morning , the snowploughs have reported several places , which are difficult to pass in northern Bohemia .
Besides certain snow @-@ covered places , or some icy frost patches , the mountain road from Telnice to Kninice in the Usti nad Labem region is also closed , according to the police database .
Temperatures remain below zero and roads are likely to remain snowy and icy . In the lowlands , however , particularly southeast of the Central Bohemian Uplands , there are no problems and roads are mostly dry .
No traffic hold @-@ ups have so far been reported .
Icy frost patches have been reported in particular by road maintenance around Steti .
According to meteorologists the conditions for this were perfect - rain and melting snow during the day , with a clear night and freezing temperatures .
Adverse conditions are expected on the main sections of the I / 13 road between the Usti nad Labem and Liberec regions .
The closure of the Telnice to Kninice road was caused by bent tree branches , which were weighed down to road level by snowfall .
Simon Ornest : At the concerts we want a fusion of positive energy
What is your opinion on the end of the world that might come in less than a month ?
It is just another startler , which we like to latch on to .
Together with The Tap Tap band , we tend to joke about it , saying that we might be the only band on earth that could draw enough positive energy to hold off or avert the end of the world completely .
In December you are even organising a unique series of three concerts against the end of the world .
Can you give our readers some details on this ?
This is a nationwide fund @-@ raising event , which we have been planning for the past two years .
We decided to make use of the marketing potential of the end of the Mayan calendar , due on the 21st of December at 11 : 10 a.m.
On the eve , the 20th of December , at 9pm , 3 concerts will take place in parallel in Prague , Brno , and Ostrava .
They will end at around the time when Kiribati Island in the Pacific , which is 12 hours ahead of us , reaches the end of the Mayan calendar .
Who came up with this idea ?
Initially it was probably my idea , later we worked all the details out with our designer , Honza Augusta .
Apart from the fact that we want to collect enough positive energy to stop the end of the world , we also want to allow ourselves and the public to spare some thoughts for the state of our planet , when we , one day , hand it over to our children .
On the occasion of the end of the Mayan calendar , we have also prepared a range of unique items , shoes , t @-@ shirts , bags , and original keys against the end of the world , which can be purchased at www.e @-@ tap.cz to support our cause .
The Tap Tap band , together with other artists , also recorded the so @-@ called anthem against the end of the world , called &quot; The End of the World is cancelled . &quot;
It is already well received on YouTube , will it figure at the fund @-@ raising concerts ?
Of course , for the grand finale , as long as the world does not end beforehand .
It will be sung by all the artists at all the three concerts at the same time .
The anthem will also be featured in a unique live broadcast on Czech Television .
The words were written and the role of Jesus in the video clip was played by Tomas Hanak , Xindl X also sings in it ...
How did you end up working with them ?
We collaborate also with other personalities of the Czech cultural scene , due to organising a lot of fund @-@ raising events and concerts ...
We try to really get them involved in these projects .
It turns out that most of them are interested and enjoy working with us .
What will the proceeds from the concert against the end of the world go to ?
Equipping the wheelchair @-@ accessible educational Studeo centre , which is already in its sixth year , in collaboration with the citizens association Tap from the Jedlicka Institute for the disabled .
Tutors come in regularly to spend time with the Jedlicka Institute &apos;s students and run activities , which they enjoy and interest them .
The students themselves do not have the funds to afford tutors , so we try to provide this for them in this way .
Within the construction project at the Jedlicka Institute , a separate building is planned , which we can move into with this project .
Every concert sees the appearance of several bands and artists .
How do you select them ?
We have tried to compile a programme , which speaks for all ages , including children .
For example , in Prague , Chinaski , Support Lesbiens , Illustratosphere with Dan Barta , The Tap Tap , Marian Bango and Jiri Suchy will appear .
Further details can be found at www.kpks.cz.
Are you planning any more &quot; bombastic events &quot; in the future ?
In May , we will be making our first appearance in the Prague Spring , so we will definitely be preparing a good line @-@ up with some interesting guests .
Next year , we would like to play at the Czech National House in New York , and I personally - since we will be in the USA - would like to build in appearances in Washington and Chicago .
Your international plans are not modest ; you have already performed , for instance , in Madrid , Brussels , London , and Moscow .
The Tap Tap is nonetheless a band composed of handicapped people .
How do you cope with these journeys in terms of logistics and organisation ?
It is not as scary as it might seem at first .
We have five members in electric wheelchairs , which must be transported in the luggage area ; we must also , of course , carry around with us a lot of luggage and instrument cases ...
Nevertheless , we have so far managed it without any problems , CSA and British Airways were well prepared for us , so much so that , on occasion , I was quite surprised .
Even in Moscow , which we have just returned from , it all went smoothly .
Thanks to these international trips , you will have had a chance to compare specific accessibility issues , public attitudes to disability and so on .
What have been your experiences so far ?
After Madrid , Luxembourg , London and other places , where everything functions better than here , we have just witnessed that in the East everything is still in its beginnings .
Compared to Prague , Moscow is rather inaccessible ; it still remains unusual there for a person in an electric wheelchair to be travelling around the city centre on his or her own .
Obvious things , such as giving wheelchairs priority in lifts , are not commonplace there .
Fortunately , citizens associations are emerging there too that are trying to draw attention to the problems faced by people with disabilities .
And on the other hand , where do we still lag behind more advanced countries ?
There are a lot of things , which we still lag behind on ...
It is important to mention that improvements to the current situation always depend on the efforts of the people who are affected .
In London and Madrid it is completely natural for people with serious handicaps to be independently out in public , and they can use the toilets , go to the museum , or wherever ...
It is less common there for large groups of people with disabilities to actively take part in social life , in this respect with The Tap Tap we are a step ahead !
Public respect or accessibility is one thing , but it is only when we can become famous athletes , artists , actors , politicians , or lawyers that things will really begin to change .
So far there are only exceptional cases , people who are strong @-@ willed .
The Tap Tap band is currently very popular , but let us look back a few years , what prompted you in 1998 to form it ?
I began my job as a tutor at the Jedlicka Institute , where I was surrounded by a lot of young people , who were interested in doing something .
Since I am a musician myself - among others I play the saxophone - I started a music club with a colleague .
With time , as our moderator Ladya Angelovic says , it has grown a little out of our control ( laugh ) .
Your popularity has only come about in the last few years , or am I mistaken ?
It is true that we have been helped by creating ties to famous singers and also by our proactive work on promoting the band .
We realised that work , which goes on unseen can be like it never existed .
Thanks to funds from the European Union we can even afford top quality tutors , equipment and so on .
Was it your goal to take The Tap Tap to such heights ?
From the outset , I felt there was potential to do things a little differently .
Show business is filled with things , where one imitates the other .
It is logical in its own way ; all new things are taken in hesitantly and take a long time .
Things , which are unique , are few and far between , but I would dare to claim that Tap Tap is one of those things .
A person &apos;s first impression on seeing you is , of course , pity - it is a natural reaction ...
But that pity is simply wasted , because handicapped people are not abandoned and suffering beings , who need to be pitied .
They are people , who can fully live life and blossom , assuming , of course , that they have the right environment for it .
I say that when a person with a handicap succeeds in something , it is not just progress for them but for society as a whole .
Has your success also been helped by your firm hand as a leader , as many people are suggesting ?
If we want to achieve top class work , we must be uncompromising in many things and require a certain level of discipline .
I think this is to be expected .
Some people come to us with a romantic idea and their head in the clouds , and when they find out they have to go to rehearsals twice a week , attend practice sessions and put up with a lot of time travelling to concerts , their enthusiasm quickly disappears .
That is how it works everywhere , with every group that wants to work and wants to achieve something .
The Tap Tap band currently has twenty members .
How many of those were present at the beginning in 1998 ?
Only one , Ladya Angelovic .
We are an open group , people come and people go , this is unavoidable .
Those who have the interest and the drive will always find our door open .
The event takes place the day before the end of the world is expected , on Thursday 20.12.2012 from 9pm .
The venues will be Praha Incheba , Brno Fleda , and Ostrava Plynojem with performances from 12 bands and other musicians from the Czech Republic .
All three cities will be joined by a televised link @-@ up at the evening &apos;s close for a united rendition of The Tap Tap &apos;s anthem &quot; The End of the World is cancelled &quot;
The concert &apos;s goal is to raise funds to equip the STUDEO multi @-@ functional wheel @-@ chair accessible learning centre at the Jedlicka Institute in Prague in the sum of 25 million Czech crowns .
Admission fee to the concert is 400 CZK , children under 12 years of age go free , tickets on sale from Bohemiaticket .
Poland and the Cosmos .
Last week the council of ministers of the European Space Agency admitted Poland as the twentieth member of the agency , being the second nation from the former Eastern Block ( after the Czech Republic , which became a fully fledged member of the ESA on the 12th of November 2008 ) .
Poland began close cooperation with the ESA in 1994 , and in the following years it has participated in a series of agency projects .
Of course , Poland &apos;s path to the space had begun much earlier .
Polish boffins devoted their time to space flight even before the Second World War , but were not always met with understanding .
I look back , for instance , to the lecture of A Sternfeld in Warsaw &apos;s astronomy observatory , who , on the 6th of December 1933 , presented ideas on his pioneering work Entry into space .
The thoughts of the young engineer ( born 1905 ) left his audience cold , and years later Sternfeld remembered that only Dr. Jan Gadomski had shown an interest in his work .
In 1934 , for his work Entry into space , Sternfeld received the Robert Esnault @-@ Pelterie and Andre Louis Hirsch prize in France .
The above mentioned Dr. Jan Gadomski ( 1899 - 1966 ) later became a strong promoter of astronomy and astronautics .
He published hundreds of articles in Polish journals , and wrote a series of books on these scientific subjects .
Gadomski became a world @-@ known promoter of astronautics and his contribution was , notably , recognised when a crater on the far side of the Moon was named after him .
In 1925 , Poland had already built a handcar which was supposed to be fitted with a rocket engine .
Unfortunately , both the project &apos;s designer , and the project &apos;s details , are unknown .
It is not even clear , whether the rocket was intended to start the handcar or to slow it down .
Information about this rail track is only known from press articles of the time .
In 1933 the Polish artillery started their engagement in flying bombs .
The research was undertaken by the Weapons Technology Division in collaboration with Prof. Mieczyslaw Wolfke and Prof. Gustaw Mokrzycki .
From the documents , it is clear that the research reached the stage of practical tests .
Of course , the advance of the German army interrupted the research .
In 1937 , the concept of a photoelectric homing rocket designed by engineer Rohozinski appeared in the trade press , and in the following year The Rocket - air torpedo and flying rocket @-@ bomb appeared , authored by Leliwy @-@ Krywoblocki .
Both projects were destined for military use of rocket engines .
Immediately prior to the War , all projects for military use of rocket technologies were overseen by the Provisional Scientific Advisory Board ( Tymczasowy Komitet Doradczo @-@ Naukowy ) that coordinated all the work .
The Board was appointed in 1937 , but after two years of activity their operations were ended by the start of the War .
Further work devoted to astronautics appeared in the Polish Press after the War thanks to the Polish Astronautics Company ( Polskie Towarzystwo Astronautyczne ) .
The first reference to the company figures in the November issue of the magazine Problems in 1954 , in which four in @-@ depth articles are on the subject of astronautics .
In one of these , by Prof. Subotowicz , the establishment of a company is proposed , which would dedicate itself to astronautics .
At the time , there were already projects underway for artificial satellites and it was clear that cosmic research was an emerging sector .
From the beginning of 1956 , the Polish Astronautics Company ( PTA ) sought entry to the International Astronautics Federation ( est . 1951 ) and by autumn the PTA was already a full member .
In the following year , the PTA &apos;s first chairman , Kazimierz Zarankiewicz ( 1902 - 1959 ) was appointed Deputy Chairman for the International Astronautics Federation .
He served in this capacity until his death in 1959 .
From 1956 , the PTA played a significant role in the successful development of meteorological rockets RM ( Rakieta Meteorologiczna ) , which became the first Polish rocket to enable scientific research .
The first RM @-@ 1 model was completed in 1957 and the first launch took place on the 10th of October 1958 .
The rocket , with a ceiling of 1800 metres , measured around 80 cm in length and weighed a little under 5 kg .
Later , the improved RM @-@ 1A version was constructed and in the summer of 1959 launch tests were initiated for the two @-@ stage RM @-@ 2 rocket in the Bledowsky Desert .
The rocket was 1.4 metres in length and weighed approximately 11.5 kg .
A further development model was designed for real scientific work - the RM @-@ 34 rocket was to reach 14.5 km and be tasked with monitoring high altitude winds .
Of course , in 1962 further research was stopped .
The successor to the RM rocket type was the Meteor @-@ 1 rocket , developed from 1962 to 1965 .
The rocket was designed as a two @-@ stage rocket , with a total length of 510 cm and a launch weight of 32.5 kg .
Three models were developed ( designated Meteor @-@ 1A , -1B , and -1C ) , which differed in the room available for scientific apparatus .
In the Meteor @-@ 1A rocket , a space of 0.4 litres was available , Meteor @-@ 1B had 0.34 litres , and Meteor @-@ 1C had 0.62 litres .
The maximum altitude for all three models was 37km .
Between 1965 and 1968 , the development of Meteor @-@ 2 was underway in the Aeronautics Institute , with its first launch tests in October 1970 .
The Meteor @-@ 2 rocket had a launch weight of 380 kg , and was capable of lifting a useful load of 10 kg to a height of around 60km .
Subsequently built models were the Meteor @-@ 2H and Meteor @-@ 3 .
Poland &apos;s admission to COSPAR ( Committee for Space Research ) in 1960 should be mentioned , as well as the appointment of a national COSPAR board two years later .
Poland also participated in the Interkosmos space programme for space research on Soviet artificial satellites , and in 1978 , the Polish pilot Miroslaw Hermaszewski became the second intercosmonaut after Vladimir Remkov .
Abolishing the legislation on public works is not the solution .
Last week the Constitutional Court abolished the law on public works .
The resolution caused lively public debate .
It will certainly be interesting to look at this issue from a broader perspective .
Liberally oriented financial systems in the EU , just as those in the globalised world , are based on the principle of an unregulated economic competition .
Its effect means that individual financial entities and national economic systems are in a state of permanent conflict among themselves .
The cause is the principle of free trade and free , completely unregulated movement of private capital together with uncontrolled financial speculation .
Due to significant labour cost differences ( salaries ) there is pressure on prices .
On this basis , it should be understood that when a supplier tries to compete in a commercial tender by importing cheap goods , &quot; the rug is pulled &quot; from under the competition &apos;s prices to capture a greater market share and , in this way , increase its own profits .
On a wider scale , this means most businesses must move production abroad , import cheaply from abroad , or close down . The result is high unemployment in countries where labour costs are high compared to other economies .
Since private capital is not bound by social responsibility , and therefore also not by the unemployment it causes , the social costs born by the state must necessarily increase .
The whole situation is bolstered by the businessman &apos;s complete unwillingness to pay taxes , which would alleviate the economical and social harm caused in the pursuit of profit .
The situation is so well known that there is no need for actual statistical data .
The ruthless private capital practices create particular economic situations , where the State in these countries is forced to enter in the mutual competition , aiming to artificially lower the social standard of its own citizens in order to attract foreign investment .
In other words , governments stake their own citizens because of private capital while disregarding the drop in social standards .
This occurs chiefly in amendments to existing law .
The aim is to economically force the domestic population to accept prices dictated by private capital , especially in terms of salaries .
On one hand , this economic system of force , in case of long @-@ term unemployment , on the other , restricted employee rights in the workplace .
This yields growing poverty and an increasing void between the poor and the rich .
In Germany there are already a host of food hand @-@ out centres for the poor , who are not able to feed themselves on their own wages .
The number of these people is already in the millions .
In the name of improving the competitiveness of the German economy , it commonly occurs that properly employed people receive such a salary that the State needs to top it up to the minimum wage .
Just such a scandal was revealed in the case of auxiliary staff in the Bundestag .
The austerity measures for all the southern EU states will undoubtedly lead to the same situation , where people are pressured by a catastrophic drop in living standards to emigrate as it was in the 19th century , or to eke out an existence on starvation wages on the edge of society , in the hope that the country will eventually see some foreign investment .
At this point we have to ask where this may come from ?
If it is to come from other EU states , then poverty is being shifted from one country to another , or it will not come at all , because Chinese , Indian , Brazilian , Turkish , Moroccan , Egyptian , and African labour is still at a fraction of European wages .
This applies to all of Latin America .
Liberal theory and the Media incessantly claim that the State may not participate with capital in its own economy , and that a controlled economy leads to economic ruin .
Private capital cruelly insists on the viewpoint that the State must not intervene in the economy .
Thereupon , we should ask ourselves whether private capital has no influence , or whether it actually leads politics and thereby the whole country , for its own selfish ends .
Here , the answer must be yes .
The proof is the existence of the almost omnipotent , and in all states , omnipresent lobby .
The result is a desperate situation manifesting itself through corruption , through mutual benefits and legislation , where almost everything is criminal , but nothing is punishable .
In Germany the situation is such that state ministries , through lack of financial resources , contract out the drafting of laws to private law firms , who are basically connected with industry .
These laws are then approved in the Bundestag .
Real power does not come from the people as the Western @-@ style constitutions claim , but from strong financial organisations that look after their own interests .
It is clear that liberally @-@ orientated democracies will now quickly reach a situation , as is described by Appian in his work on the Roman Republic Crisis in the time of Cesar and Pompei : &quot; The State was already long in complete degeneration and its offices taken by force .
With bribery , illegal acquisition of benefits , and with stones or swords .
Bribery and corruption were rife and unhindered , and the people would vote for a result which had been bought &quot; ... &quot; people with principles did not run for office , so on one occasion the whole debacle meant the state went eight months without consuls .. &quot; .. &quot; There was actually talk about the only answer to this terrible situation being autocracy , and an energetic man should be elected . &quot; Appian had Pompei in mind , but it was Cesar who changed democracy for autocracy permanently .
The conclusion , just as in antiquity , the current society is built on unscrupulous tendencies for personal gain without regard to the interests of society as a whole .
Private capital in its present state is not able to understand the interests of society as a whole .
The outcome is now , as it was then , an unprecedented decadence of the elite with no attempts whatsoever on deeper reaching reforms .
The causality of the rise of the fascist and communist regimes should therefore be sought in the misguided liberalisation of the economic system in the 19th and 20th centuries .
The current state of affairs , when we consider the demise of those systems in favour of liberalised democracy as an interlude , can expect its next cycle .
The particularly catastrophic reality is that the current elite is completely ignoring the potential lost of hundreds of thousands of lives , humanitarian and social disasters , which we are already witnessing , as well as crimes against humanity , as we are familiar with from ancient and modern history .
The abolition of the law on public works is not the answer , at least not in the long term .
Under the pressure of economic competition , internationally as well as within Europe , the Government of the Czech Republic will be forced to pursue ways of lowering the population &apos;s living standards .
This pattern is thus systemic .
To address this , there are targeted political and social reforms , which strengthen the state &apos;s capital participation in the economy , increase the people &apos;s influence over the state and weaken the monopoly held by private capital over society in favour of the state .
Israel : Chaos Lab .
&quot; Nothing comes from violence and nothing ever could , &quot; from Sting &apos;s Fragile , where one of the main verses from the refrain is &quot; Lest we forget how fragile we are . &quot;
&quot; If my sons did not want war , there would be none , &quot; said the dying Gutle Schnapper , wife of Mayer Amschel Rothschild in 1849 .
The latest wave of violence between Israel and the Gaza strip , as always , has sparked a lot of reaction .
Some stand by Israel , arguing it has the right to self @-@ defence , and Palestinians are portrayed as terrorists , while others support the Palestinians , claiming racism by the Israeli state , claiming that genocide is being committed against Palestinian Arabs , and that Israel is a terrorist state .
I do not want to dwell , in these repeated periodic waves of killing , on who is the transgressor and who is the victim , after all , today &apos;s inhabitants of Israel , including the self @-@ governing territories , were born into the current political situation , and did not live through the start of the violence .
I would like to offer the readers a peek behind the scenes , a look at whom , most of all , this 95 @-@ year long tension is serving ( starting from Balfour &apos;s declaration in November 1917 ) on this small piece of land in the Middle East .
Some of my thoughts are supported by available historical facts , while others are derived from my own understanding of who , that is , which group of people is the main source of events in modern history .
Human history is in the first instance about the struggle for power .
In every era we can find an Alexander the Great or a Napoleon .
What is not quite so apparent is whether these were the people , who had chosen their path independently , or whether behind their throne stood someone who directed their actions towards a pre @-@ calculated goal .
We must accept that we live in a time when the world &apos;s wealth is concentrated into the hands of a few individuals , and that this concentration of wealth and the power it exudes could not happen in one generation &apos;s lifespan .
Among these astronomically rich families , one stands out , which could be considered the puppet master ( whether someone else stands above them , I am unsure , but I would not rule it out ) - the Rothschilds .
Not much is written about them .
Understandably .
The first news agency ( Reuters ) they bought in the 90 &apos;s of the 19th century , in order to prevent their name being connected with acts of high criminality , which appeared in their background and which always meant securing power , increasing wealth , or both .
They hold majority stakes in almost every central bank in the world , and against the countries , where they do not hold a stake , they are either waging or preparing for war ( before the assault on Afghanistan it was 7 countries , after Iraq it was 5 , after the overthrow of Kaddafi 4 remained , but in the meantime Russia submitted its central bank to the Russian Government ) .
Whoever attempted to defy this family died .
Abraham Lincoln refused to renew the status of the central bank to the Rothschild Bank of America , and during the Civil War he began to issue his own ( that is state @-@ issued ) money and was assassinated in 1865 at the theatre .
JFK began issuing his own money and wanted to close the Fed ( Federal Reserve ) , and was killed in 1963 , Congressman Louis McFadden was poisoned in 1936 , after he had intended to sue the Fed for causing the Great Depression of 1929 .
Their thirst for global power led in the years of 1859 - 1871 to the formulation of a three @-@ world @-@ war plan by the freemason leader of the 33rd degree , Albert Pike .
The first war was to remove the large monarchic state bodies in Europe , the second was to remove colonial rule , especially from Great Britain , and the third will reduce the world &apos;s population down to 0.5 - 1 billion people ( this number of slaves will suffice for their comfort and luxury , and will not use up so many resources ) , the creation of one universal faith ( ecumenism is just an appetiser for this solution ) , and finally the seizing of absolute power .
The method , which the group of wealthy families with the Rothschilds leading the way , employ is the instigation of crises , followed by the offering of a solution ( order ab chao - order from chaos ) .
These solutions are false , however , and always lead to a worse situation ( vide establishment of the Fed , so that the crisis of 1907 would not be repeated ) .
Thus , having succeeded in assassinating Ferdinand , the Habsburg heir to the Austro @-@ Hungarian throne , in Sarajevo thereby unleashing World War I , they destroyed tsarist Russia with the Bolshevik revolution .
The First World War ended abruptly , militarily and economically unsubstantiated , with German capitulation ( the war was no longer needed to destroy tsarist Russia ) and the central European powers of Austria @-@ Hungary were subsequently dismantled .
To facilitate the inception of the Second World War , they allowed bankers and politicians to create a latent conflict situation by saddling Germany with huge war reparations , thereby making a radicalist example of the impoverished masses , it remained only to introduce a sufficiently convincing culprit and a leader with a simple solution , while also creating a multi @-@ racial Czechoslovakia with a strong German minority to play , and indeed did , the role of a fifth colony , once the war had been ignited .
At the end of the 19th Century , the Rothschilds instigated the establishment of the Zionist movement , one branch of which strove to form the Jewish State , seeking out an area of historic Judea , Jerusalem , to make its capital ( the Return to Zion ) .
The aforementioned Balfour Declaration formed the basis for the mass immigration of Jews to Palestine , where the first conflicts began with the local Arab population .
Terrorist attacks occurred on both sides .
World War II broke out , and whether Hitler broke free from the leash , which international bankers were holding him on , or whether his actions were all part of the plan , is difficult to determine , nevertheless the suffering of European Jews in the concentration camps created the foundation to the world &apos;s acceptance of the Jewish State .
Israel was officially formed in 1948 , and just as the war reparations for World War II were layed on Germany , the announcement of the State of Israel became the third war &apos;s hotbed .
Provided the international bankers succeed , the Jewish Nation , as with the second , will be the victims on the front line , now together with the Arabic - or more generally , Muslim - population of the Middle East .
Israel is like a huge laboratory , a source of discord and chaos not only within the country , but on an international level ( just look at how strongly people are split into supporters and opponents of Israel ) .
Who is the wrong @-@ doer and who is the victim in the Palestine @-@ Israel conflict , where injustice breeds injustice in an endless cycle of violence , while everything began from the greed of a few and their lust for global power ?
Here , we must differentiate between Israel &apos;s general population and their leaders , because , just as it happens here , the international bankers introduce their own selection of candidates for people to vote for .
Israel &apos;s current prime minister , Netanyahu &apos; the hawk &apos; , is a typical example of a fascist politician , loyal to the international bankers , who does everything to instigate war with Iran , which would , due to its membership in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation ( China , India , Russia , Pakistan , ... ) lead to a greater threat of global conflict , and through its control of the Hormuz Strait , where 20 % of the world &apos;s oil must sail ( the channel is only 2 miles wide ) , to the destruction of the world &apos;s economy .
In what light stand the words , spoken by David Rockefeller in 1994 : &quot; All we need is a major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order . &quot;
The New World Order in their eyes is one of master and slave .
A world where the rest of the human population serve the luxury of a handful of financial aristocrats .
A world , where each new @-@ born is implanted with a chip , which makes their existence completely subjugated .
&quot; He also forced everyone , small and great , rich and poor , free and slave , to receive a mark on his right hand or on his forehead , so that no one could buy or sell unless he had the mark , which is the name of the beast or the number of his name .
If anyone has insight , let him calculate the number of the beast ,
for it is man &apos;s number . His number is six hundred and sixty six . &quot;
Argo : When things are at their worst - call Hollywood .
In November 1979 , a mob of Islamic student demonstrators took over the American embassy in Tehran and held 52 diplomats hostage .
They were to be released in exchange for the overthrown Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , who fled after the revolution to the USA , which had actually supported his regime for several decades .
For the American administration the situation did not offer a positive solution - it could not throw the Shah overboard , because this would seriously jeopardise the trust of other allied countries .
The release of the hostages in Iran , where the revolution resulted in the establishment of the theocratic regime , could not be achieved .
This was a blow to the prestige of the United States , which was later compounded by the fiasco of attempting to free the hostages by force .
The incarcerated diplomats were finally released after 444 days , following negotiations mediated by the Algerian government .
Their ordeal provoked a wave of solidarity and anti @-@ Iranian feelings at home .
The debacle in Iran significantly influenced Jimmy Carter &apos;s loss with Ronald Reagan in the 1980 presidential elections .
The film Argo , directed by the actor Ben Affleck , recounts one episode in this story , which brought America a small victory .
Just before the embassy was seized , six employees escaped .
After some peripeteia , they ended up in the Canadian ambassador &apos;s residence .
The CIA , in collaboration with the Canadian authorities , succeeded in getting them out of Iran , helped by an extravagant cover story - they left on Canadian passports as members of a film crew , who were surveying locations for a sci @-@ fi blockbuster .
A combination of genres
The plan , conceived by &quot; exfiltration &quot; expert , Tony Mendez , required the assistance of Hollywood .
For the story to be believed , the film project was reported on in specialist magazines , press conferences were organised , and the fictitious production company had a real office .
The details of the operation were , for a long time , kept secret ; the film draws on the memories of Tony Mendez .
Affleck &apos;s film is a peculiar mix of genres .
On one hand , there is a realistic incisive political thriller , and at the same time a &quot; caper movie , &quot; with small victories and double @-@ crossing - another example would be Ocean &apos;s Eleven .
The mood alternates in the film - on one side , sharp documentary @-@ style sequences in Tehran ( the title sequence shows iconic photos from news of the time , relating to the same events portrayed in the film - there are no big differences ) .
On the other hand , lighter sections from Hollywood , laced with irony and a little exaggeration .
Then there are scenes from the CIA headquarters and other agencies - men in suits debating the situation around meeting tables , in office corridors , over the phone ...
Ben Affleck has managed to restart his career in extraordinary style .
The derided actor has become a respected director , and his acting is no longer the target of ironic comments .
Argo is his third big @-@ screen movie , following his dark crime movie Gone Baby Gone ( 2007 ) and the thriller The Town ( 2010 ) .
It is also Affleck &apos;s first picture , which does not take place in the director &apos;s hometown of Boston .
The atmospheric feel in different locations is one of the characteristics , which took his earlier films above Hollywood standards .
Affleck shows it in Argo , where Tehran is &quot; featured &quot; by Canada .
The best scenes of the film take place in the streets , in the reconstruction of real events - the opening sequence of the siege on the embassy is impressively lucid , creating at once feelings of confusion and surprise , which come flooding in , as history suddenly takes a turn .
A similar effect is achieved by Affleck and his team in the fictitious scenes ( the fake staff at the Tehran bazaar ) .
Too much action in too many places
The director had to tackle the issue that the story being told does not offer many nail @-@ biting scenes for the film .
What little there is , is worked well , with some occasional embellishments to reality - these do not all come off so elegantly ( the scene , where a looming crisis is averted at Tehran airport by a phone call in America , followed by a chase on the runway seems quite far @-@ fetched ) .
Argo &apos;s weakness is its divergence , which comes from the need to show too many events in too many places .
Alan Arkin and John Goodman play their roles as the Hollywood assistants with great charm ; their characters deserve more room , and are not by far the only ones in this film .
Affleck &apos;s film loses the dramatic pull a little , it is a film , which can be watched with reasonable interest , its production and retro @-@ style are evocative of thrillers from the 70 &apos;s .
It does not really captivate .
As a reminder of history &apos;s particular ways and a testimony to how exaggerated the views are on the all @-@ powerful all @-@ controlling secret services , this will do .
Rules for blowing up balloons , for bananas and a circus
The www.bankovnipoplatky.com server , which issues a poll every year on the most absurd bank charge , has now decided to announce a competition for &quot; the most absurd regulation or proposal from the EU . &quot;
&quot; We were prompted by the latest story , where the EU plans to take on a 40 percent quota of women at management level of Europe &apos;s largest companies , &quot; Patrik Nacher , the poll &apos;s organiser , told Pravo .
Among the latest nominated absurdities , for instance , is the recent decision by the European Court to unify insurance premiums for men and women .
Until now , women were favoured in life insurance prices , because they constitute a lower risk for insurers .
&quot; Other unbelievable ideas from the EU can be nominated by anyone until the end of the year .
The actual voting will then take place until the end of February 2013 , &quot; informed Nacher .
Among the controversial EU regulations , we might include the mandatory addition of bio @-@ ingredients to fuel , which consequently harms the environment , the ban on reliable mercury thermometers just because they contain a relatively small quantity of a toxic substance , or the rules on the size of chicken cages , which significantly raised egg prices this year .
The ban on the use of the term &quot; spreadable butter &quot; and the withdrawal of classic light bulbs from sale had previously come under criticism .
First rate bananas are to measure 14 centimetres
The Union &apos;s machine often makes decisions under pressure from this or that commercial or industrial lobbying group , whose demands in Brussels are usually defended by state or group of states &apos; interests ( just as the Czech Republic is promoting the demands of its banks under threat of being vetoed ) .
The lobby &apos;s interests were , for example , that bananas of the highest quality should measure at least 14 cm in the EU , and were not to display and &quot; anomalous curvature . &quot;
The European Commission defended itself , saying that it was only harmonising existing disjointed national standards , which complicated trading .
Norms relating to fruit and vegetables have already been softened by the EU despite opposition from certain states , referring to the food waste caused by the existing directives .
One possible prize @-@ winner in the poll may be the last year &apos;s EU regulation according to which inflatable balloons must be sold with a warning that children under 8 years of age may not inflate them without parental supervision .
Here , the EU pointed to an American research , which indicated that , among other toys , balloons are one of the main causes of child suffocation .
A similar restriction now applies to children under 14 years of age using party blowers .
Strange ideas are conceived at home too
Fairly absurd is the rule relating to individual European officials - everyone in the EU , who holds an official post , may not use the term Macedonia due to it being a sensitive topic for Greece , and instead the acronym FYROM ( Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ) should be used .
The Bankovnipoplatky.com server in collaboration with the Liberal Economist Association , Laissez Faire , also nominated , aside from the aforementioned absurdities , for example the Union &apos;s regulation on the volume of food provision stocks held in an EU member state .
The EU stipulated the maximum volumes of food provisions , which may be present within the CR on the day of our entry to the Union .
The Czech Republic thereafter exceeded , for instance , the permitted volume of mushroom preserves , which incurred a high penalty .
The poll &apos;s organisers were also impressed by the idea of paying certain countries because they do not have a coastline , or the suggestion of allocating funding for a request for funding .
These ideas did not come from Brussels , however , but from Prague .
&quot; We are handicapped because we do not have the sea .
We are asking the European Union for a refund , &quot; declared the minister for agriculture , back in autumn 2004 , Jaroslav Palas ( CSSD ) .
His argument was that there had been a good harvest of cereals , and due to the so @-@ called buy @-@ out interventions , the state &apos;s warehouses were full and were forced to export .
The Czech Republic is further away from a port , so according to Palas the EU should be paying us hundreds of millions of Euros .
The European Commission finally met the CR halfway by organising a tender for the purchase of cereals from countries that do not have access to the sea .
Funding to subsidise funding requests was offered to foreigners by the Ministry for Regional Development &apos;s minister , Pavel Nemec ( US @-@ DEU ) , specifically this was meant for making requests for funding from Brussels .
EU : Bizarre legislation is the exception
Regulations may well become the target of criticism among member states , but the EU &apos;s efforts at regulation , more effective operation , and development of the entire Union deserve recognition , according to a number of experts .
A more important issue , according to experts , is the drawing of EU funds on projects , which have hardly anything in common with strengthening the European integration , but which was pushed through by member states during a budget meeting .
Emotions flare among Czechs when , just as other countries in the Union , the CR must fight in Brussels for the right to particular labelling on its traditional products , in which it does not always succeed .
The Czechs fought for six years with the Germans and Austrians to protect the labelling of their Olomoucke tvaruzky , however the tuzemsky rum , whose tradition reaches back to the 19th century here , had to be renamed tuzemak by the manufacturers .
The appellation of rum can only be given to products distilled from cane sugar , and not sugar beet .
Carlsbad wafers , Pohorelicky and Trebonsky carp , and Zatec hops have been added to the official list of registered products of the EU , alongside the world @-@ renowned feta cheese and gorgonzola , German marzipan from Lubeck , and Parma ham .
The EU &apos;s stamp of protection can also be proudly shown on Pardubice gingerbread and Horicky tubes .
People want me to save the republic , but I am an amateur , says Okamura
Senator , how does a person decide they want to run for President ?
This is not about me being a senator or president .
If everything in our country worked without problems , then I would not be running for any post .
I cannot watch any longer the country having been robbed over the past twenty years , thieves roaming about there and people &apos;s taxes and retirement age increasing .
I had no ambition to be a politician .
When I see something I do not like , though , I try to find a solution to change things .
Since I have already turned forty , and I am an independent non @-@ party man , I have no other choice to influence things but to stand for senator or president .
You have already reached the Senate , but shortly after that you are taking off for the Castle .
Are you not turning your back on those who voted for you in doing this ?
I have been saying the entire time that I would fight for the Castle based on the results in the Senate &apos;s elections .
Later , I added that if I were elected as senator , I would be standing for president .
My goal , though , is not the post , the post is a tool to allow my vision to be realised .
Therefore , I need the greatest influence , and the strongest mandate possible .
The trouble is not just that as a nation we swear in the pub or at the television , but that we trample anyone , who wants to try to change things .
The Media add to this , misleading the public , and mistaking freedom of speech with freedom to lie .
For example , I was allegedly bribing reporters , or I was allegedly an advisor of Jiri Paroubek .
Let &apos;s talk about your vision .
You set out on your castle siege with a thesis on the material and criminal responsibilities of politics , and a retroactive financial disclosure of assets over twenty million .
You need to change the law for this .
As president , though , you do not have this power , and only the Senate as a whole may propose laws .
How are you going to solve this ?
When I lobbied , as a citizen , for tour guide work to be a free trade , it was successfully carried through .
The problem is political squabbling - when someone comes with a good idea from the left or the right , it will be deliberately rejected , causing delays for the public .
As an independent non @-@ party man , I stand a far better chance of gaining support from all parliamentary sides .
The advantage I hold is that without the political pigeonholing or dogmas I can take what is best for our country from any side , and apply it .
Do you see yourself as a person from the right , or the left ?
From the Czech viewpoint , it seems they tend to put me to the left .
For me , it just does not matter if it is a little to the left or right .
The important part for me is moving forward .
It is not about whether someone is from the left or right , I just want to bring people together .
I always support any good public solutions , even if they are put forward by the KSCM or the ODS , and , in the same way , I will oppose bad ideas .
You get angry when someone calls you a populist .
Are you not confirming this with what you have stated ?
When you make a company business plan , you also have some ideal goal and vision .
You try to come close to it .
Some may call it populism , but all the proposals I speak about are already working elsewhere , or they have been put forward by experts .
But without the support of the Parliament you will be left with just slogans .
You will not last long in politics with that .
Or do you believe that if you walk among the public and talk with them , that you will succeed , say , in passing criminal and material responsibility ?
I have no alternative .
I need to convince politicians , reporters , and the public , and try to get them on my side , so we can put this through .
If I were elected president , it would not be a problem to arrange a live television broadcast , where I ask the leaders of the parliamentary parties to pass a law on material and criminal responsibility for politicians , civil servants , judges , and the Attorney General .
And , as the case may be , they would need to explain why they did not want this .
When there is a strong figure to point out the issues , it just needs some pressure on the political scene .
Take for instance the direct election of the president , it was achieved thanks to public pressure .
I will say frankly that I am an amateur , I am not a genius or an intellectual .
I am looking for allies to share my opinions and vision .
I have just started out in politics , and I am looking for a majority support for my agenda .
I will try to make things progress , but it if does not work out , in six years I will finish and return to the private sector .
It sounds a little like Okamura is trying to save the Czech Republic .
I am no saviour .
I know that alone I will not achieve anything , so I have asked acquaintances , whether they would run for the senate .
I went to Radim Jancura , who declined due to his workload .
So I , at least , support investigative journalist , Jana Lorencova , who uncovered fraudulent activity with light heating oil .
I put myself forward , because people are really discontented , but now I have my doubts .
Sixty percent of people did not go to vote , and those who did mostly voted for leaders of the establishment .
In the senate , there are only two independents , including me .
People have voted for a senate that will make it difficult to enforce changes .
Nonetheless , I will fight for my vision , for example , for the direct election of mayors or regional council presidents .
Are you considering having your own party ?
I have not considered it yet , because I have neither the time to verify that every party member has a clean background , nor the money to do it .
I have no money even for a presidential campaign , my transparent account holds just 20 thousand .
You have no money ?
You are talking about financial disclosures , but what is yours like ?
I estimate my private assets to be around 60 million .
In Prague , I have land worth around 25 million , an apartment worth ten million , another apartment worth eight million , an artwork collection worth around ten million , an Aston Martin worth 3.5 million , a Skoda Superb worth a million , and I have a few million in my account .
I have the Aston Martin , by the way , because it was my dream as a boy - I always liked James Bond , who drove the car , was gallant with women and also fought against evil and villainy .
You drive an Aston Martin , have assets worth 60 million , but you have no money for a campaign ?
You say you want to change the Republic , but you are not keen on putting your own money into it .
This does not inspire much confidence .
I do not have 15 million for a campaign .
Should I take out a loan ?
I have already put 2.5 million into the campaign .
The fact that I do not have any sponsors is evidence that there is no real interest in my programme .
I have no obligation to pay for my own campaign .
The expenditure on my campaign is basically covered by the pay I will be receiving as a senator .
However , I would not be able to live on it , for instance , I could not pay for my son &apos;s English school , which costs 30 thousand a month .
If I were only interested in making money , I would not be standing for election .
So you will still be in business so that you can make a living ?
Did you not say you would be putting this on hold ?
This depends on the rate of pay .
As I promised , my activities have been partially reduced .
For example , my deputy is taking over as the CEO of the travel agency in spring .
People would like me to be a Samaritan , who saves the Republic .
But I must also live off something .
As a businessman , what would you usually make monthly ?
Two hundred to 400 thousand , which I still do .
And if I became president , then I would end my business activity .
The full interview can be read in Saturday &apos;s issue of Pravo .
The MVRDV architects prove that true adventures are not just in the head - drawing on the example of Spijkenisse and the recently erected Bücherberg ( literally &quot; book mountain &quot; ) - 2 photos
&quot; I think the building is fun , looks futuristic and ultimately provides something interesting to look at , &quot; said Lisette Verhaig , a passer @-@ by at the road @-@ side .
And Stefan Spermon , IT technician in a major firm based nearby commented : &quot; It &apos;s definitely a thing of beauty , the building . &quot;
However , I do wonder why people would need another library in this day and age .
Everyone has the Internet , an iPad and eBooks .
No @-@ one goes into one of these old @-@ style libraries voluntarily nowadays , or am I wrong ?
Spijkenisse , a sleepy town outside the gates of Rotterdam , which barely merits a visit , is a special record @-@ holder .
The 80,000 @-@ resident municipality has the lowest literacy rate in the whole of the Netherlands .
In order to counteract this asinine situation , the decision was made a number of years ago to make a contribution towards general education and to recreate the seven fictitious bridges that feature on the Euro notes as pretty , painted reinforced concrete miniatures .
The success of the education offensive was limited .
And so the city fathers acknowledged that there was only one way to become master over the statistics : a library had to be built !
Winy Maas of the Rotterdam @-@ based architectural firm MVRDV , master of audacious bar charts and producer of humorous and often cynical buildings , took the project on with his customary composure , and turned up at the competitive hearing in 2003 with five books under his arm and a grin on his face .
And with the judging panel still looking at him with bewilderment , shrugging their shoulders , the impertinent Maas stacked his chosen props by order of size to form a pyramid and rounded off his presentation - now suitably backed up with action - with the words : &quot; Dear Municipality ! &quot;
So this is my suggestion for the Spijkenisse Book Mountain - for the so @-@ called Boekenberg !
Nine years later , the 30 @-@ million @-@ euro mountain has been lifted up .
It is part of a revitalisation project , which also includes an underground car park , a supermarket , a post office and a small number of adjacent apartment buildings and terraced houses , with a total of 50 dwellings .
At the beginning of November , the Bücherberg was awarded second place in the &quot; Best Library of NL 2012 &quot; competition .
In addition , the project is also nominated for the Dutch National Wood Award 2012 .
Thus , the faceless small @-@ town retort , that until now had nothing more to offer than a post @-@ modern pedestrian area and a stunningly ugly town hall , behind whose white facades one would expect to find a dairy plant , has been bolstered by a piece of contemporary architecture .
First and foremost , however , Spijkenisse now has its first public cultural building in the history of its existence .
The long journey to the book
The first impression : the Eldorado of books beneath a cheese dome .
There is in fact a lift that climbs through the centre of the mountain massif , however , the true joys of space and literature are revealed when scaling the topography on foot .
The interior space , glazed throughout , is bright and open , the fired clinker floors and the elegant street lamps speak the unmistakable language of a public town square .
The urban ambiance is perfect .
You are already on the lookout for a park bench , a dog , and boys and girls playing football .
And everywhere there are books , books , books .
&quot; Normally book shelves run along the facade , and in the centre there is a large , dark space , which is usually unpleasant and impersonal , &quot; says Winy Maas .
We turned the classical spatial configuration on its head and turned the reading area inside out .
The interior of the Bücherberg is cleverly used : in the centre there are offices , an Internet library , a chess club , an environmental centre and the central technical support room .
One particularly special feature are the black book shelves , which simultaneously act as wall cladding , parapets and railings for the stairway .
The appearance , feel and scent are foreign .
Even die @-@ hard architects and construction engineers shake their heads at the unknown construction materials .
&quot; Here we wanted to work with recyclable materials , &quot; explained Joop Trouborst , Project Manager for the Municipality of Spijkenisse , on request of the Standard .
And thus one day we stumbled across a suitable waste product used in agriculture , on a Frisian farm .
For many years , millimetre @-@ thick artificial fabric has been used in greenhouses and fields in the Netherlands as a base layer .
It is inexpensive and saves time .
The thin textile lasts for two seasons and is then disposed of as bulk waste .
For the library , the fabric was - for the first time in these quantities - pressed into four @-@ centimetre @-@ thick boards .
Under heat and pressure , the so @-@ called Landbouw plastic ( KLP ) changes colour to a dark , homogeneous and robust material , that smells like a mixture of new car smell and the smell of trainers .
After 105 steps you have reached the summit .
At the end of the 500 @-@ meter @-@ long journey , you are rewarded in the Literature Café , not only with a fantastic view of the city , but also with Dutch croquettes and potted ficus trees .
These provide atmosphere , but most importantly , regulate the air humidity in the literary mountain range .
Donations for the new soul
&quot; You would hardly believe it , but this building , in spite of the many glass panels , is a showcase project in the area of ecology , &quot; said Trouborst .
It is heated and cooled using geothermal heat .
Although the Bücherberg has a glass cover , the sun only shines only briefly into the interior , even on sunny days .
The broad , laminated wood glue beams positioned at right @-@ angles to the glass facade , provide shade and absorb the majority of the sunlight .
The indoor temperature is very pleasant .
The rest is taken care of by fully automatic roller blinds .
Stefan Spermon , initially a sceptic of the IT sector , has already ventured into the new library .
Lisette Verhaig has also visited already .
So too has TCM @-@ teacher , Cynthia Bogarde , who even refers to the Boekenberg as Spijkenisse &apos;s &quot; long overdue soul . &quot;
The reason : At the inauguration just a few weeks ago , every citizen was invited to donate a book from his / her personal collection .
This was , for the time being , to fill the optical gaps in the not yet fully stocked library - currently there are 70,000 items .
The concept has been a success .
The shelves are full to capacity .
&quot; Nothing is worse than a half @-@ empty library , &quot; said architect Winy Maas .
&quot; I think that , thanks to our invitation , every resident now has a certain bond with this new building .
Everyone knows that their book is part of the building .
Even if it &apos;s just for decoration .
As such , MVRDV have succeeded in mastering the master discipline that specialist jargon refers to as the formation of identity .
Spijkenisse has written literary history .
However young and uneducated it may be .
This is ultimately a starting point for identity .
Szabo : &quot; Germans must play a greater role &quot;
In the vote on the incorporation of Palestine , Germany abstained from voting .
According to Stephen Szabo , Expert in US @-@ European relations , in so doing Berlin is walking a thin diplomatic line .
Deutsche Welle : At the beginning of the week , Germany had initially signalled that it would vote against the Palestinians &apos; application for observer status within the United Nations .
However , Berlin subsequently abstained from voting .
Why ?
Stephen Szabo : Germany does not support what the Israelis have done in Gaza .
Now , however , due to their special relationship with Israel , Germany must be cautious .
At the same time , however , I do not believe that it supports the American position either .
Germany wanted to demonstrate its independence - albeit without being too critical of Israel .
During the uprising in Libya in March 2011 , Germany likewise abstained from voting , when it came to establishing a no @-@ fly zone .
This was ultimately implemented by NATO .
Does Germany find it difficult to adopt a clear position when it comes to important international affairs ?
Yes , it does .
That is because it has just reorganised its foreign policy , indeed moving away from a policy that was , so to speak , managed by the USA , in favour of a German foreign policy .
This situation is aggravated by the fact that the Europeans do not have a coherent and standardised policy .
The Germans thus find themselves caught between two fronts .
It is expected of them that they play a more independent role , yet this is something that they are not accustomed to .
I believe that they are still finding their way in this role , but they are en route to a &quot; more normal &quot; foreign policy .
A foreign policy similar to that of France , or Great Britain .
So what specifically does a &quot; normal &quot; foreign policy entail , from a German perspective ?
It shows a willingness to adopt positions on international matters , which are independent of those of the USA or European partners .
I believe that the German foreign policy is motivated by the economic policy , that is , by export and its relations with certain regions such as Russia , China or the Near East .
Germany &apos;s economic interests are to a certain extent different from those of the other major powers and therefore Germany must protect its interests .
Have these economic interests had an influence on their attitude towards the Near East conflict and their voting in the UN ?
On the one hand , Germany has major revenue markets in the Near East , and particularly in the Gulf States .
Therefore it must be careful not to affront the public , but also the elite in the Arabic countries .
In any case , this plays a role .
However , I wouldn &apos;t want to ascribe too much weight to this . This is not an entirely one @-@ sided relationship .
Nonetheless , it does play an important role in Germany &apos;s considerations .
Has Germany damaged its relations with the USA , by abstaining to vote on important decisions , such as the vote on Palestine ?
I think that in Europe , and even in the USA , a great understanding for the German position prevails .
Therefore I do not think that this was as dramatic a fracture as was the case in the matters regarding Libya .
Perhaps it will even earn Germany a certain degree of respect .
After all , it signals that the country must be taken seriously as an international player and that its interests must be considered .
In Europe there are diverse opinions regarding the Palestinian initiative .
The USA , on the other hand , have spoken out clearly in favour of a veto .
Are there differences of opinion between the USA and the many European nations ?
Due to the American domestic policy , these differences have always existed .
I think that secretly , the government under Obama actually has a great deal of understanding for the European situation .
However , due to the political situation here , the government is naturally unable to voice this position publicly .
It is my belief that the actual differences in opinion are not so vast as they always appear .
If you look at the relations between Obama and Prime Minister Netanjahu , Obama is really not quite so enthused by Netanjahu &apos;s policies .
Does Germany find it difficult to reconcile its close relations with Israel and the USA on the one hand , and the position of its most important partners in the EU on the other ?
I think that this is precisely what makes things so difficult for the Germans .
It would of course be a little simpler for the Germans if there were a coherent and standardised European policy , which is currently not the case .
Thus they are unable to be part of a wider authority and must instead drive matters forward from their own position .
This is precisely what they are doing with the Euro .
I believe that in the future Germany will take on a leading role in urging Europe towards a standardised European position .
This is , of course , no simple task for Germany , on account of its relations with Israel .
This has always been a sensitive subject .
Yet I do think that Germans are clear that they must play a more independent role .
Does Germany view itself as playing the role of an important international player - does Germany actually want to assume a leading role ?
Or does Germany still find leadership roles difficult ?
Germany is still not used to it , the country continues to be uncomfortable and , for obvious reasons , still finds it difficult to play a more prominent role .
If we look at the Euro crisis for example , every time that Germany assumes a more prominent role , various anti @-@ German feelings become apparent .
This does not make matters simple for the Germans .
This is actually the same old problem : one does not want to be surrounded by hostile countries .
From this stance , Germany is in a much more difficult position than the USA .
It must be receptive to the most diverse of neighbours and opinions , and this is not easy .
The influence of the USA over European politics is continually diminishing , yet the EU is currently not feeling this vacuum , so who is filling the gap ?
The Germans will simply have to play a greater role .
Even if they do not like it , even if it is uncomfortable and makes them even more unpopular - c &apos;est la vie !
Stephen Szabo is associate director of the Transatlantic Academy in Washington , an institute in which academics and political experts from Europe and North America come together to research the challenges of the transatlantic community .
Szabo is also a member of the German Marshall Fund , in which he has specialised in German policy , US foreign policy and transatlantic relations .
&quot; Brand protection &quot; in China : When Puma and Armani suddenly become Chinese
Armani is a world @-@ famous brand , Polo Ralph Lauren likewise .
However , what is Armani Polo ?
Behind this name hides a fully officially registered brand in China , however , one that has nothing whatsoever to do with the original companies .
Nonetheless , it is enjoying protection , provided the actual creators of the names do not sue .
And even then it is not clear whether they will have any rights .
&quot; It is becoming increasingly more difficult for foreigners to protect their brands in China , &quot; said Thomas Pattloch , lawyer within the Taylor Wessing law firm , who specialises in copyright infringement in the Far East .
Every week a new case lands on my desk .
All the copycats require are a few additional letters in order that they can register their brands .
Thus Gucci simply becomes Lu @-@ Gucci , Prada @-@ Kny is registered in place of Prada .
German companies are also &apos; legally &apos; copied in this manner , such as manufacturer of sporting apparel , Puma .
Pattloch opens a file containing registrations with the trademark office in Peking .
On 14 September 2010 a Chinese company copyrighted the brand name Zegna DF Puma there , an alias that also helps itself to the name of fashion retailer Ermenegildo Zegna .
The fact that the Chinese are world champions in copying and infringing on intellectual property is well @-@ known .
In the major cities there are multi @-@ level department stores that sell counterfeit goods almost exclusively .
Pattloch &apos;s cases , however , are slightly different : on behalf of his clients he takes action against the fact that Chinese companies can be granted the right to use a name by the trademark office , fully officially , which is already protected elsewhere .
The Chinese call this &quot; Bang Mingpai , &quot; a passenger brand .
The word is based on &quot; Bang Dakuan . &quot;
This refers to women who latch onto rich men .
The Chinese authorities are unaware of any wrongdoing .
&quot; This harms business and we must fight against it , &quot; challenges Pattloch .
&quot; The brand is watered down , its uniqueness disappears - the image damage is enormous . &quot;
The financial losses and process costs of the affected branches amount into the millions , especially in the case of expensive flagship products .
According to information from market research company CLSA , with a volume of 15 billion euros annually , China is the third largest market for luxury items , and the fastest growing .
However , the deletion of dubious entries in the trademark registry are difficult to achieve , and cost a pretty penny .
The process can last for up to nine years , with an uncertain outcome .
Pattloch reports of instances whereby the court dismisses cases , because after a long period of time , the name to which the objection is being raised has become a &quot; market reality . &quot;
If the complainant is unlucky , he may even have to pay the plagiarist money for having infringed on his trademark in China , said Pattloch .
Sometimes the law of the jungle prevails here .
Famous cases also relate to graphic elements .
In 2009 , Daimler lost a legal battle with the construction machinery manufacturer Sany , the company that recently acquired German concrete pump manufacturer Putzmeister .
Even today , the Chinese company is therefore permitted to use an emblem that resembles the Mercedes star .
Volvo @-@ purchaser Geely originally used a blue and white logo that resembled the BMW logo ; the dispute was arbitrated and Geely was forced to change it .
Fashion house Lacoste lost a suit in China against copycats from Hong Kong and Singapore , who were using the famous crocodile looking in the other direction .
The Chinese authorities are unaware of any wrongdoing .
The CTMO trademark office in Peking does acknowledge that there were bottlenecks in 2010 due to limited staffing and equipment .
In the past year , however , things reportedly &quot; returned to normal following this emergency situation regarding the work flow . &quot;
Thus the stock of unprocessed appeal proceedings was reduced by 22 percent .
Almost 57,000 such cased were closed , 75 percent more than in the previous year .
Nonetheless , there are still 81,500 appeals waiting to be resolved in the office .
To remedy this is very expensive
As is so often the case in China , the figures are imposing .
In the past year , more than 1.4 million applications for trademark protection were submitted to the CTMO , almost one third more than in 2010 .
This is a record and means that China , for the tenth time in succession , is the global leader when it comes to new trademark applications , informed the authority .
The same applies for the inventory of valid trademarks , totalling 5.5 million in number .
In 2011 , 1.8 billion yuan in fees were received .
Put simply , this means that each application costs on average 1,280 yuan , or 160 euros .
To appeal against an application costs many times this amount , as can be seen in the case of the German family business , Freudenberg .
For more than seven years , the group has been contesting against a Chinese plagiarist .
The Germans did in fact manage to expose the company &apos;s illegal manufacturing of copied motor vehicle parts .
However , the copycat still secured the Chinese rights to the Freudenberg brand .
This is something we missed ourselves , as family names cannot be protected in Germany , said Hanno Wentzler , Chairman of the Board of Management at Freudenberg Chemical Specialities in Munich .
The CTMO trademark office then also dismissed the Munich @-@ based company &apos;s appeal .
In the next two instances , Freudenberg was proven right , however the opposing party continues to contest the matter to this day .
You have to pay extremely careful attention .
The matter is now pending before the Supreme Court .
Wentzler is confident that the matter will be brought to a positive conclusion and praises the professionalism of the courts .
However , he also says : &quot; The process is extremely expensive and takes a lot of time , money and nerves . &quot;
The internal costs can barely be calculated , the company archive even had to look through century @-@ old records in order to provide proof .
Five years ago Freudenberg unsuccessfully offered the opposing party a &quot; high six @-@ figure sum in euros &quot; as settlement .
&quot; This shows how much this is worth to us , &quot; says Wentzler .
The dangers in the Far East even threaten to spilling over , back into Europe .
Particularly if imitators secure unprotected brand names there .
For example , a Chinese manufacturer wanted to register the Freudenberg label for shoes and leather in Germany .
This is a business sector that the group had long vacated , yet nonetheless managed to prevent the registration .
&quot; You have to pay extremely careful attention , &quot; says Wentzler .
Both he and Pattloch advise companies to be very careful when conducting business with China .
It is not sufficient to rely on international trademark rights , rather foreigners should also register &quot; everything &quot; that is in any way worthy of protection in China as well , &quot; said Wentzler .
Otherwise costs can be much more expensive than the registration fee .
In actual fact : if Freudenberg were to loose at the final hurdle of its trademark drama , they would probably have to pay the opposing party license fees for the use of their own name , explained Wentzler .
Or alternatively we would be forced out of the market in the respective sector .
World AIDS day : Stomp , sing , help
In Heidelberg , the Imbongi choir is rehearsing - and in the Swaziland , AIDS orphans are delighted .
The history of a link that overcomes far more than a distance of 8,733 kilometres .
First of all , the stamping : cowboy boots , basketball shoes , ladies &apos; pumps and men &apos;s loafers attempt to find the beat on the parquet floor , and quickly do just that .
One @-@ two @-@ three @-@ four .
Only then do the voices of the singers slowly swell - alto , bass , tenor and soprano surge , beguile and haunt .
And Fiete Hopf , the 29 @-@ year @-@ old conductor , almost rises up out of his shoes as he brings the ensemble together with his smooth , yet wild gestures .
It is Monday evening and in the music room of the Institute for Medical Psychology in Heidelberg the Imbongi Choir are practising a new song .
The fifteen singers , aging from 23 to 69 years old , range from human geneticists to the maintenance man .
&quot; Om &apos;Obani &quot; is by no means a simple piece , with each voice having a different text , and in an extremely foreign language at that : Zulu , which is spoken by eleven million people in South Africa , Botswana , Lesotho , Malawi , Mozambique and in parts of Swaziland .
Helping others to help themselves
There are around 34 million people infected with HIV around the world , as according to the estimations of Unaids , the United Nations &apos; programme to battle AIDS .
Of these , 23.5 million live in South Africa .
In Swaziland , there are 245,000 AIDS orphans .
Meanwhile , more than 40 percent of the population are HIV positive .
The Voices for Africa Association has found sponsors in Germany for 180 AIDS orphans in the village of Esitjeni .
70 of these attend a secondary school .
For 15 or 20 euros per month , you can become a sponsor .
This guarantees the child money for school , a school uniform and a warm meal each day in the Gogo Centre .
In Zulu , Imbongi means storyteller or worshipper .
In this region , no @-@ one can speak the Bantu language fluently , but they can sing it .
For almost ten years the choir has been practising songs in this foreign , &apos; soft &apos; language , and now and then they bring them back to where they originally came from : the South of Africa .
For an 8,733 @-@ kilometre flight away from Heidelberg , in the north west of the Swaziland Kingdom , lies the village of Esitjeni , which relies on the vocal power of the German choir .
Forty percent are infected .
Around 2,000 people live there , some still in simple mud and straw huts , and the majority of them are children .
More than 300 of them no longer have parents , as they succumbed to the HIV virus .
In Esitjeni you get a small foreshadow of the illness from which all of Swaziland is suffering : according to Unicef , the region has the highest HIV infection rates and the lowest life expectancy in the world .
Circumcision , which has been proven to reduce the risk of contracting the virus by half , is barely practised by the population .
More than forty percent of people in the Swaziland carry the immunodeficiency virus , and dying in you mid @-@ thirties is by no means rare .
On a group trip to Africa in early 2005 , the Choir visited the village , but first and foremost , the Imbongis saw many children on the streets , lacking not only in parental care but in practically everything else as well : food , clothing , education .
Without a school leaving certificate , there are barely any opportunities , particularly in a poor country .
Initially it was the private commitment of individuals to send a child to school and enable him / her to have one warm meal a day for a few euros per year .
However , just one year later , the choir established the &quot; Voices for Africa &quot; Association , which since then has been looking after the AIDS orphans in Esitjeni at an almost professional level .
Facts on sexually transmitted infections .
What are the most important sexually transmitted diseases ?
Bacterial STIs include syphilis , chlamydia and gonorrhoea .
Common viral STIs are HIV , human papilloma viruses , herpes genitalis and hepatitis .
Crabs and scabies belong among the parasitic STIs .
Who are the main affected groups ?
Syphilis and gonorrhoea occur primarily in men that have intercourse with other men .
The Robert Koch Institute understands that at least four in five of all syphilis cases reported in Germany are transmitted by means of sexual contact between men .
Among heterosexual adults , chlamydia infections , trichomoniasis , candidiasis ( fungal ) , gonorrhoea and human papilloma viruses are frequently occurring sexually transmitted diseases .
The spread of HIV among heterosexual adults in this country is relatively low ; however , around 20 percent of newly contracted cases of HIV are found in this group .
Among young people , chlamydia infections are much more common than in other population groups .
According to European surveys , three quarters of all infections affect young people between the ages of 15 and 25 .
In this country , human papilloma viruses are also frequently found in young people .
How has the number of infections developed ?
Not all sexually transmitted diseases are notifiable .
According to the Robert Koch Institute , the number of syphilis infections has more than doubled from 1,697 cases in 2001 , to 3,698 cases in 2011 .
The number of newly contracted cases of HIV has been on the decline since 2007 .
In 2011 there were around 2,700 cases .
This is around one tenth fewer than the previous year .
Which symptoms indicate a sexually transmitted disease ?
The infectious diseases can cause ulcers in the genital area , discomfort when urinating , discharge , lower abdominal pain and blisters or warts .
However , often they cause no pain or any other symptoms , thus remaining undetected .
How can you protect yourself ?
Condoms can reduce the risk of contraction , however , they do not offer 100 % protection .
This is because occasionally , the pathogens of sexually transmitted diseases can also be passed on via smear infections and close bodily contact .
Therefore , first and foremost experts recommend that people with frequently changing sexual partners undergo regular examinations .
If diagnosed early , the majority of STIs can be cured and long @-@ term consequences avoided .
Through sponsorships donations and by no means least the funds that the choir raises across the whole of Germany , the money all adds up .
&quot; In total , we have already sent around 200,000 euros to Esitjeni , &quot; said Annette Lennartz , Chairperson of the association .
In the village itself , Zodwa Dlamini , a self @-@ assured and assertive woman , manages the money from Germany .
She makes sure that the orphans have good accommodation , for example with one of their grandmothers .
The Gogos , as the old ladies are called in Zulu , are the pillars of the village .
Some of them have up to 14 orphans living with them , providing them with a roof over their heads and making sure that the children get to their school classes punctually every day , in their school uniforms .
Anyone who doesn &apos;t have anyone left , arrives at the shelter with Khanyisile , a single woman who earns the same salary from the association as the two cooks who cook for more than 200 hungry children every day .
In addition , &quot; Voices for Africa &quot; has established a sewing school , built two chicken coops and , together with the American health organisation , PSI , organised for many in the village to be tested for HIV .
This is nothing to be taken for granted , as is clearly the attitude towards illness throughout the entire country , the best way of keeping things under wraps is if people are dead .
A king with 14 wives
&quot; AIDS is an absolute taboo subject , &quot; said Annette Lennartz , &quot; because it is associated with sexuality . &quot;
This is actually strange for a country in which the king officially has 14 wives .
The last absolute monarch of sub @-@ Saharan Africa , King Mswati III . , is known for his excessive lifestyle .
Polygamy in place of democracy .
Among other factors , the fact that the HIV virus has spread quickly over the past number of decades can also be attributed to this officially sanctioned lifestyle .
Another factor is the large number of migrant workers who carry the virus across the country .
There are free condoms on every corner , said Annette Lennartz , &quot; but they are hardly used .
The culture prescribes otherwise - flesh to flesh . &quot;
In order to promote the cultural exchange , the Imbongi choir travels through Southern Africa every two or three years and sings songs of melancholy , fighting spirit , confidence and black self @-@ esteem , which many from the southern tip of the black continent still know from the times of apartheid .
A bus full of white people , who sing songs in a black language - this degree of recognition brings not only morale and joy , but some grim @-@ faced border soldiers even shed a few tears .
The journey always leads to Esitjeni , where the singers visit their sponsor children .
Even though you can barely find the small village on a map , it is more than well @-@ known in the valley of the Ezulweni River .
&quot; Go to Esitjeni , that &apos;s where the light is , &quot; say the people there .
And if you make the 8,733 @-@ kilometre flight back to Heidelberg , to visit the stomping singers in their rehearsal room , you &apos;ll see that the light is there too .
Messenger : NASA discovers ice on Mercury
The Messenger probe has found evidence of ice on the planet Mercury .
It is thought that the ice cover may be up to 20 metres thick .
The US space agency , NASA , has proven the existence of ice on the planet Mercury .
Although the planet lies closest to the sun , it does have frozen water - as shown in three studies published on Thursday in specialist magazine &quot; Science . &quot;
The Messenger probe has found evidence that there is an ice cover in the region of the planet that lies permanently in shadow .
This is thought to be at east 30 centimetres and perhaps up to 20 metres thick .
The water presumably came from comets or perhaps also asteroids that impacted with Mercury .
However , no @-@ one is linking the discovery of ice with the existence of life on the planet , said Chief Scientist for the Messenger probe , Sean Solomon .
The temperature on Mercury can reach up to 426 degrees Celsius .
That said , the findings could help explain how water and other building blocks of life reached other regions of the solar system .
Unknown to the majority of the Earth &apos;s inhabitants , there are probes , telescopes and small robots such as the Phoenix , deployed to research the depths of the universe .
From time to time , they transmit images to Earth : small peepholes into the infinite expanse .
This image comes from a camera developed by German researchers at the Max Planck Institute .
The eight planets of our solar system , plus the dwarf planet Ceres .
Like Pluto , which orbits around the sun behind Neptune , Ceres is not a planet according to the new definition of the term issued by the International Astronomical Union in 2006 .
This image section from an infrared recording by the Spitzer telescope shows a &quot; family portrait &quot; of countless generations of stars : the oldest stars are seen as blue dots , while more difficult to identify are the pink @-@ coloured &quot; new @-@ borns &quot; in the star delivery room .
This star @-@ forming region - rather unromantically named W5 by scientists - was discovered by the Spitzer telescope in the Cassiopeia constellation , at a distance of 6,500 light years away .
This shimmering glow of a dying star was captured by NASA &apos;s Spitzer telescope .
The donut @-@ shaped ring consists of material , ejected by the star in the process of dying .
In the huge Trifid Nebula , 5,400 light years away from the Earth , new stars are created from gas and dust .
NASA &apos;s Spitzer telescope shot this photo of the galactic delivery room .
The Pleiades star cluster , also referred to as &quot; The Seven Sisters , &quot; can be seen with the bare eye at night .
With the telescope , however , the colours really come into their own .
In this infrared photo , the Helix Nebula looks back at the observer like a red eye .
It is located 700 light years away in the Aquarius constellation .
Its similarity with the continent resulted in this Nebula acquiring the title &apos; North America &apos; .
A combination of normal and infrared photography produced the spectacular colouring .
This baby star could only be captured in its full beauty using the Spitzer telescope &apos;s infrared detectors .
Saturn and its rings : How these occurred is the greatest puzzle in the field of astronomy .
Perhaps they are the remnants of a moon of Saturn , which disappeared without a trace 4.5 billion years ago .
One of the largest and sharpest pictures from the Hubble telescope : the Whirlpool Galaxy
Depending on the colouring , photographs of spiral galaxies can become genuine works of art .
The photograph published by the European Southern Observatory shows the Trifid Nebula in the Sagittarius constellation , several thousand light years away .
The name Trifid stems from the Latin word trifidus ( divided into three parts ) , as dark stripes of dust divide the core of the birthplace of stars into three parts .
In the Ophiuchus constellation , astronomers have photographed the signs of a cosmic collision : 400 million light years from the earth , the cores of two merging galaxies move rapidly towards one another , destined to collide .
This star birth was captured by the Hubble telescope in the M83 spiral galaxy .
Anyone who doesn &apos;t like technical abbreviations may prefer to call it by its nickname , the Southern Catherine Wheel .
The photo taken by the Hubble space telescope shows a section of the Iris Nebula in the Cepheus constellation .
The nebula , 1,400 light years away , consists of particles of dust that are ten to one hundred times smaller than standard house dust .
This image was put together from the X @-@ ray images captured by various telescopes .
It shows a ring of black holes , 430 million light years away from the Earth .
This group of galaxies , named Arp 273 , was pictured for NASA by the Hubble space telescope .
Scientists call the larger spiral galaxy UGC 1810 .
This star nebula is home to the brightest group of young stars in our Milky Way .
This &apos; star cradle &apos; continually produces new youngsters .
Likewise , this star cloud , connected to the Rosette Nebula , continually produces new baby stars - 5000 light years away from the Earth .
In this bright shining galaxy with one small black hole , there exists no dust - only gas .
Researchers presume that it only came into being shortly after the Big Bang , when the universe was comprised primarily of hydrogen .
Our view of the universe : the most important telescopes
The telescope is thought to have been invented in 1608 by Hans Lipperhey - even before Galileo Galilei used the device to observe the stars one year later .
Since then , the mirrors in optical telescopes have become increasingly large and the insights that they provide increasingly profound .
For a period of 30 years , namely from 1947 until 1975 , the Hale telescope in the Palomar Observatory near San Diego was the largest telescope in the world .
The mirror , shown in the image , had a diameter of five metres .
Arizona , USA , is home to the Large Binocular Telescope .
It enables views of space via two mirrors , each with a diameter of 8.4 metres .
The inner workings of the Gran Telescopio Canarias on the Canarian island of La Palma are huge - the mirror alone has a diameter of 10.4 metres .
The mirror of the Southern African Large Telescope in South Africa is segmented - to reduce costs .
In spite of this it achieves a diameter of around eleven metres .
The disadvantage of this inexpensive construction method : the telescope is securely clamped at its angle of inclination and its movement is therefore limited .
The Hobby Eberly telescope in Texas also has a fixed angle of inclination .
What sets it apart : the high light @-@ gathering capacity .
This - in spite of its comparatively low mirror diameter - even matches that of the world &apos;s largest reflector telescopes .
With the help of a radio telescope in Arecibo ( Puerto Rico ) researchers can listen for extraterrestrial signals in space .
The radio telescope has a diameter of 305 metres .
In the &quot; Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence &quot; ( SETI ) every computer owner can be of assistance , by making his / her processing capacity available .
View of the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) in the Chilean Andes .
This is home to the Very Large Telescope , which lives up to its name .
With its total of four mirrors , the telescope can also focus on the medial infrared spectrum .
Likewise to be located at the ESO Observatory in Chile , the European Extremely Large Telescope is also being planned .
Its main mirror is to span a full 42 metres and will be made from almost 1,000 mirror elements .
However , images are not to be expected until 2018 at the earliest .
Until 2007 , the two Keck telescopes at the Hawaiian volcano , Mauna Kea , were the largest in the world .
They each have two mirrors , each with a diameter of ten meters .
The Keck Telescopes are part of the Mauna Kea Observatory , which alongside the Keck telescopes , can look to the heavens with the help of the Subaru telescope and the IRTTF .
Another huge new telescope is also to be built on the Mauna Kea , with a mirror diameter of thirty metres .
Here you can marvel at an artist &apos;s impression .
However , the most important insights into space are provided by the Hubble space telescope .
Since 24 April 1990 it has been supplying images of distant worlds .
Since March 2009 the Kepler space telescope has been searching for extra @-@ solar planets , especially for any that may be inhabitable .
On 2 February 2011 it was announced by NASA that 1,235 planetary candidates had been identified since the mission began .
The image documents the final launch preparations on the Kepler space telescope .
The James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) will be launched into space on board an Ariane5 rocket by 2018 at the earliest .
The primary mirror of the infrared space telescope has a diameter of 6.5 metres .
One of the telescope &apos;s tasks is to search for light from the first stars and galaxies that emerged after the Big Bang .
Scientists are assuming that ice also exists at Mercury &apos;s south pole .
However , there is no reliable data in support of this as the Messenger orbits around the planets much closer to the north pole .
For decades , radar measurements have indicated that there is ice on Mercury .
Thanks to the Messenger probe that was launched in 2004 , the first to orbit Mercury , scientists can now be certain .
Drink butter on a daily basis - and live to 168 years of age
In Southern Azerbaijan , many people reach biblical ages .
There is even a museum of longevity .
A hunt for evidence in the country in which 97 years old is still comparatively young .
In Southern Azerbaijan , many people reach ages that can almost be considered biblical .
There is even a museum of longevity .
A hunt for evidence in the country in which 97 years old is still comparatively young .
The journey through the Talysh Mountains can be described as wild and romantic .
The minibus rumbles over the winding streets , past densely wooded hills , raging rivers and simple farmhouses .
Everywhere is green and lush - you could be forgiven for thinking you were in the Black Forest .
However , this is the deep south of Azerbaijan , and the border with Iran is just a few kilometres away .
This is the home of the Caucasian people group , the Talysh , of whom not much is known except that they speak perfect Persian and Azeri and live long lives .
The final stop is Lerik .
The small town is bursting with overpowering architecture from Soviet times , which doesn &apos;t fit with the picturesque mountain landscape at all .
Tourists from Europe rarely come here ; the journey from Azerbaijan &apos;s capital city , Baku , is too arduous .
It takes eight hours to travel the 323 kilometres , as too much of the route is just a single track .
The fabulous wealth , for which the country has its oil in the Caspian Sea to thank , has not yet arrives here in the province .
Yet Pilata Fatulayeva ( 48 ) is convinced that Lerik has what it takes to be a tourist attraction .
&quot; Baku became famous in May due to the Eurovision Song Contest , and next year we are having a festival to celebrate the oldest people in the world , &quot; said Fatulayeva .
She is the Director of the Museum of Longevity , most likely the only of its kind in the world .
Here the lives of eight dozen Talysh from the area who lived to older than 100 are documented . Fatulayeva points out a black &amp; white photo .
This here is my grandfather , he was 120 years old .
At the age of 136 he fathered another child .
However , the unrivalled star of the museum is shepherd Shirali Muslimov who is said to have lived to 168 years old .
However no birth certificate exists to confirm this .
And given that the longest confirmed lifespan was 122 years of age , Muslimov &apos;s claim seems extremely doubtful .
&quot; He was born in 1805 , here in the region , and died in 1973 , &quot; explains Fatulayeva .
The man married three times and had 23 children , and is said to have fathered another daughter at the age of 136 .
So did Shirali Muslimov miscalculate his age by a couple of decades ?
But Rembrandt Scholz , researcher on ageing at the Max Planck Institute in Rostock , has also heard of people living to impressive ages in Central Asia .
&quot; A strikingly high number of extremely elderly people can also be found in some areas of China , in Japan or the Hunza Valley in Pakistan , &quot; said Scholz , &quot; while there is also an extremely large number of very old men in Sardinia . &quot;
Due to lacking documentation , however , there is no scientific proof of age , particularly as there are no birth registers .
Melted butter by the glass , every day
However , the fact remains that the people of the region surrounding Lerik reach a biblical age with striking regularity .
There are currently 20 individuals older than 100 years of age .
So why do so many very old people live here in the south ?
The Azeri travel guide Farid Mugimzadeh explains this as being due to the special Talysh genetics .
In contrast , Museum Director Fatulayeva believes that it is due to diet .
However the notion that the calorie @-@ rich diet of the Talysh , who love meat , bread and especially dairy products , and of whom many drink a glass of melted butter on a daily basis , could be considered healthy from a nutrition science perspective does not really seem plausible either .
Or is it the traditional way of life that keeps the people young ? In Cengemiran , a tiny settlement not far from the town of Lerik , lives Rubaba Mirzayeva .
At 97 years old she is still comparatively young for the area .
Mirzayeva , who claims to have 143 descendants , lives in a simple wooden house , which is typical of the entire Caucasus region .
She sits on the floor with a butter churn , which she rolls backwards and forwards tirelessly .
Eight people live here under this roof , including one of Mirzayeva &apos;s sons and a daughter , both of whom have been grandparents for some time .
There are also two small children running around .
In the kitchen , tea is prepared for the guests , which is served in typical , bulging Armadu glasses .
Mirzayeva &apos;s white teeth stand in perfect rank and file , beneath her headscarf she conceals long , dark blond plaits , which her son proudly reveals for us .
I have always washed my hair with milk , and it has never fallen out or lost its colour .
&quot; I have never used shampoo either , &quot; said Mirzayeva .
Monthly pension is enough to live on
She has only ever eaten what she could get from her own farm - tomatoes , potatoes , peas .
My whole life I have never once bought groceries in the supermarket .
Then she tells of her husband who was in the army .
Things were at their worst during the time after the Second World War .
However , everything became better when the &quot; beloved father &quot; Heydar Aliyev took the rudder .
The propaganda seems strange coming from the mouth of an old lady .
Yet the cult that revolved around the father figure for the nation , who governed his country like a dictator practically knows no limits in Azerbaijan .
He held power until 2003 and his son Ilham later took over the helm .
At least there is no deprivation among Azerbaijan &apos;s elderly .
Mirzayeva receives 230 Manat ( around the same sum in euros ) per month as her pension , which in a local context is an amount on which one can live comfortably .
And perhaps Mirzayeva &apos;s long greying son is right : &quot; The elderly enjoy a deep respect in our culture . &quot;
They live among their extended family , are loved , cared for and are happy .
If this is not a reason to live for as long as possible , then what is ?
The notion of &quot; human rights &quot; is omitted from the constitution .
The revolution has returned to Cairo .
Competing demonstrations in Cairo reveal the deep division within the country .
The future constitution based on Sharia law is fiercely disputed .
The Egyptian President is not holding back his emotion .
We must make the transition .
&quot; And making sure it succeeds is my responsibility , before the people and before God , &quot; he said on state television .
His speech was aimed at the entire population , however in particular at the Coptic Christians , the liberals , enlightened Muslims and secularists .
For all of them , until now hopelessly estranged in a bewildered opposition , are fearful .
They are fearful of a God State on the Nile at the mercy of the powerful Muslim Brotherhood .
According to Mohamed Mursi , speaking almost apologetically , he has temporarily restricted the authority of the constitutional court and increased his own authority , &quot; in order to rescue the revolution . &quot;
However , Egyptians - and the world - are not entirely sure what the 61 @-@ year @-@ old engineer who holds a Doctorate from the American University of Southern California , really wants to save .
Should the judiciary be deprived of power ?
In actual fact , the 234 articles , which have been pushed through by the Islamic @-@ dominated 110 @-@ person Constituent Assembly , are in some aspects cause for concern .
As was also the case under previous constitutions , under the draft judicature is justified on the &quot; principles of Islamic law . &quot;
Yet what are &quot; principles &quot; ?
This was and remains subject to interpretation and there is concern that the Islamists will make use of the woolly formulation and the resulting room for legal manoeuvre in favour of a stricter interpretation of Sharia law .
This is at least suggested by one newly added article : in all issues affecting Sharia law , the Al Ashar University must be consulted , the country &apos;s most important Islamic institution , which has great influence throughout the whole of Sunni Islam .
This can , but does not necessarily have to mean that the clergy will oversee legislation , which would result in the de facto incapacitation of the judiciary .
Much in the constitutional draft is open to interpretation
Also problematic : civil military jurisdiction will continue to be upheld .
During Mubarak &apos;s rule , these courts served to suppress opposition .
Following the fall of the dictator , up to 11,000 civilians were under military imprisonment .
According to the draft , the state should also protect &quot; the true character of the Egyptian family , and promote its morals and values . &quot;
From a legal perspective , this is formulated in such an unclear manner that state institutions could even use this article to control the content of cinematic art and literature .
In plain language , this is nothing other than censorship .
Incidentally , no article explicitly establishes the equality of men and women .
Another does prohibit the insult or slander of the prophet Mohamed and his emissaries .
However , what constitutes an insult and how this should be sanctioned remains unclear .
Equally dubious is the formulation stating that &quot; insulting people &quot; is forbidden .
Is a caricature of the president sufficient , or a joke at the expense of a jurist ?
Open to interpretation , like so much in the draft submitted by Mursi to be signed and that , in his own words , will be submitted to Egyptians for referendum &quot; very soon . &quot;
&quot; The revolution is back &quot;
For weeks the opposition has been gathering to combat the superior strength of the Islamists .
Tens of thousands gathered on Friday evening at the Tahrir Square in Cairo , in unfamiliar unity , and pledged to bring down the charter before it has even come into effect .
&quot; The revolution is back and we are going to be victorious , &quot; said Hamdin Sabbahi , third place candidate in the presidential elections .
Noble Peace Prize winner and former Head of the International Atomic Energy Authority , Mohamed El @-@ Baradei explained that the constitutional draft belongs &quot; on the rubbish tip of history . &quot;
Via SMS service Twitter , he accused Mursi &apos;s followers of wanting to lead &quot; a coup against democracy . &quot;
&quot; If he calls for the referendum , we will go to his palace and overthrow him , &quot; said member of the opposition Jasser Said .
&quot; We have not yet grown tired , the blood of our brothers has not yet been atoned for , &quot; stated the Egyptian media , quoting opposition politician Chaled Ali .
And several judges have signalled that they do not want to oversee the referendum , which would render it invalid .
&quot; The Koran is our constitution &quot;
The well @-@ organised Muslim Brotherhood gathered for a counter @-@ demonstration , although acting cautiously they did not choose the Tahrir Square but rather a mass prayer on the other side of the Nile , outside the Cairo University .
Many veiled women and followers of the Salafis took part , shouting out : &quot; The people demand the application of God &apos;s law . &quot;
They demanded of Mursi : &quot; Cleanse the country ! &quot; and protested : &quot; The Koran is our constitution . &quot;
A struggle for control over the symbolic Tahrir Square , where everything began , would have most likely provoked events verging on civil war .
Quite clearly , this was something that Mursi &apos;s followers did not want to risk .
The Muslim Brothers stated that both those against and those in favour of the constitutional draft had expressed themselves loud and clear .
Now is the time to let the population decide at the ballot box , in which direction the country should move forward .
It is a certainty that there is a majority in favour of the Islamists &apos; draft .
&quot; The term &apos; human rights &apos; does not even appear once &quot;
Hafez Abu Saeda is furious about this forced constitutive process , which actually should have lasted until February and should have involved all social interest groups .
The 48 @-@ year @-@ old human rights lawyer and Chairman of the Egyptian Organisation for Human Rights ( EOHR ) defended the Muslim Brotherhood , when imprisoned or in court under Mubarak .
Not because he shared their world view , but because for him , human rights are indivisible .
For this he was battered , condemned and imprisoned .
&quot; And now the term human rights does not even appear once in the new constitution , &quot; he bemoaned in a discussion with &quot; Welt am Sonntag . &quot;
The lawyer has resigned himself to Mursi extending his power to all three branches of state government .
These measures are blatant breaches of the ground rules of democracy and will guide Egypt into a new dictatorship .
&quot; Instead of strengthening the civil society , the President is effectively suspending it , &quot; complained Saeda .
Yet without civil society organisations , a democracy cannot function .
Saeda feels abandoned , even by the international community , which is observing the battle over the ideological direction on the Nile with a mixture of curiosity and excitement .
This could come back to haunt them .
One demonstrator at the Tahrir warned : &quot; You are letting loose a monster that you can no longer control . &quot;
Norway &apos;s rakfisk : Is this the world &apos;s smelliest fish ?
Norway &apos;s five million people enjoy one of the highest standards of living , not just in Europe , but in the world .
Could the secret of the country &apos;s success be connected to the local appetite for some exceedingly smelly fish ?
Take a selection of over @-@ ripe cheeses .
Place them in the midst of a pile of dirty , wet soccer kit .
Leave for a week .
Now you have the nose @-@ numbing smell of rakfisk , one of the great Norwegian delicacies .
I am in the small town of Fagernes , about three hours from Oslo .
There is snow , spectacular scenery - and that odour , ever present , hangs in the air .
Rakfisk is trout sprinkled with salt and fermented in water for - depending on how smelly you like your fish - up to a year .
As the dark sets in and the weather turns cold , Norwegians flock to a festival here in Fagernes devoted to this most , well , captivating of foods .
&quot; You eat it raw , and then swallow a glass of aquavit , &quot; says Havard Halvarsen , full @-@ time local firefighter but also the so @-@ called &quot; Rakfisk General , &quot; in charge of running the festival .
All around us people are eating little cubes of the fish and knocking back quantities of drink .
&quot; Some people like the aquavit more than the rakfisk , &quot; says Havard .
The drink can kill the smell .
I try a few pieces .
If you can avoid passing it under your nose , it is not bad - not unlike a slice of sushi that has been on rather a long bus journey .
Rakfisk is a product of very different , poverty @-@ stricken times in Norway when , pre @-@ refrigeration , fish was soaked in airtight barrels of water and salt in autumn .
Then in the depths of winter , well and truly fermented , it is taken out and - no doubt with the senses knocked out by alcohol - eaten .
Only a generation ago , thousands of Norwegians were forced to leave their country in search of work , emigrating mainly to the US .
Now the population is expanding fast - more than 13 % are immigrants , attracted by plentiful jobs , high wages and a comprehensive care system .
People from Sweden , the old rival and not so long ago far richer than Norway , stream in to work .
Rakfisk is seen as signifying something important , a vital if rather smelly part of Norway &apos;s past .
It is among the more expensive dishes you can buy .
But then everything is expensive - a small glass of beer or a sandwich knock you back £ 9 ( $ 14 ) each .
Norway does not often make it on to the global news agenda - and most seem to like it that way .
People here are still loath to mention by name Anders Breivik , the right @-@ wing , racist extremist who gunned down and killed 77 men , women and children last year .
Instead , the shootings are referred to as &quot; the July the 22nd incident . &quot;
Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in their peace @-@ loving country one of their own was capable of such brutality and murder .
The growth since the early 1970s of one of the world &apos;s biggest oil and gas industries lies behind much of Norway &apos;s present @-@ day wealth .
&quot; But oil is not the only reason we are doing so well , &quot; says Anna our waitress , handing round trays of maturing rakfisk and , with her long blond hair and startlingly blue eyes , the image of Nordic well @-@ being .
We are a - how you say - prudent people .
Her English , like that of most people here , is flawless .
We are not very showy , we do not like ostentation .
Norway has handled its oil wealth very carefully - all but a small percentage of money from the industry is invested in a special fund for the benefit of future generations .
When everyone else was throwing around money they did not have , in the years leading up to the global financial crash , Norway kept its purse strings tightly bound .
&quot; As long as we can ski in winter and go hiking in summer we are happy , &quot; says Anna .
&quot; And eat rakfisk , &quot; she adds with a carefree laugh .
I stand in the snow and queue for something to eat - I have had enough rakfisk .
Now an elk burger is certainly something different and rather succulent to the taste .
But in the evening , it is more of that smelly fish .
The hotel I am staying in is one of a number of venues hosting a rakfisk dinner where guests vote on the best - or perhaps the most nasally challenging - fish .
There is a live TV link up to a compere in a bow tie surrounded by plates of rakfisk .
It is like the Eurovision song contest .
&quot; What score do you have for the best fish up there in the mountains Thor @-@ Juergen ? &quot;
&quot; Here are our points , Havard . &quot;
There is clapping , laughter .
A man falls off his chair , perhaps overcome with aquavit .
Or maybe it is the fumes from all that fish .
Mexico &apos;s Enrique Pena Nieto faces tough start
As Mexico &apos;s incoming President Enrique Pena Nieto prepares to take office , the BBC &apos;s Will Grant looks at the challenges facing him and the mixed expectations of his population .
Traffic in Mexico City is particularly bad at present .
A congested city at the best of times , a ring of steel has been erected since Monday cutting off several key routes into the capital and causing chaos on the roads .
The aim , however , wasn &apos;t to stop commuters getting to work but prevent protesters from reaching parliament .
On Saturday , Mexico &apos;s new president Enrique Pena Nieto will receive the presidential sash and take over the running of the nation .
He faces a complicated task .
Mexico has been performing well economically under the outgoing administration of Felipe Calderon , but the country is in the grip of a drug war , which has already claimed an estimated 60,000 lives in six years .
&quot; My government has a great commitment to the Mexican people to reduce the violence , &quot; Mr Pena Nieto told US President Barack Obama in the Oval Office earlier this week .
I will be proposing a new security strategy which will allow us to achieve that aim .
Before rubbing shoulders with the US president , Mr Pena Nieto &apos;s previous political experience was as governor of his home state , the State of Mexico .
A populous , sprawling state surrounding the capital , opinions about the new leader are divided in his old stomping ground .
A straightforward man
In the bucolic town of Valle del Bravo , for example , he is remembered fondly .
Residents credit him with boosting tourism in the resort and building infrastructure .
To reach the town you can drive along one of Mr Pena Nieto &apos;s new motorways , a vast improvement on the cracked and bumpy roads it replaced .
Plaques bearing his name also hang outside a modern sports centre and an impressive interactive museum about climate change .
&quot; We are looking to him to bring about real and lasting change , &quot; says friend and political ally Gabriel Olvera Hernandez , a state congressman for Mr Pena Nieto &apos;s party , the PRI .
Particularly in terms of security and the economy , we &apos;re hoping for an interesting and true change which our country so badly needs .
After an unbroken 81 years in power , the PRI was ousted in 2000 by Vicente Fox .
Congressman Olvera admits that after 12 years outside the presidential palace of Los Pinos , there is much expectation within the party about Enrique Pena Nieto .
And he rejects the opposition &apos;s characterisation of the new president as lacking substance .
He &apos;s a very straightforward man , very committed with an excellent vision of the country .
He &apos;s an excellent statesman and , above all , he &apos;s someone who knows how to listen .
But on the other side of the state , that is not the impression many people have of their former governor .
In Nezahualcoyotl , also known as Ciudad Neza , the contrast with the cobbled streets of Valle del Bravo couldn &apos;t be sharper .
Tucked away under motorway flyovers , it is in many ways a suburb of Mexico City itself .
And the problems in the municipality are also gritty and urban .
Earlier this year , the military was called in to help tackle the drug gangs operating in the neighbourhoods , and violence against women is particularly acute .
On a patch of wasteland by a vast landfill site , the bodies of dozens of murdered women have been dumped over the past two years alone .
More than 1,000 women were killed in Mexico State while Mr Pena Nieto was governor , a rate much higher than in the notoriously violent city of Ciudad Juarez - a place synonymous with the murder of innocent women .
Mr Pena Nieto &apos;s critics say , at best , he failed to adequately address the problem of femicide while he was in office .
At worst , they accuse his administration of turning a blind eye .
In a concrete home typical of the rundown neighbourhood , Irinea Buendia struggles to fight back the tears as she shows me photos of her late daughter , Mariana Luna .
According to the official version of events , Mariana committed suicide in 2010 .
However her family believes she was murdered by her partner .
&quot; When I arrived at her house it seemed her body had been washed , &quot; Senora Buendia recalls .
There were signs she &apos;d been beaten , and rigor mortis had already set in .
As her mother recounts the story , a picture of Mariana looks down from the walls , next to a cross bearing a single word : Justice .
However , that is exactly what the family say they have been denied .
The state authorities have treated me like I &apos;m an old gossip , a trouble @-@ maker , a whiner .
What they want is that one simply accepts what they say and shuts up .
&quot; But that can &apos;t be right when there were so many irregularities and omissions , &quot; she says .
As President Pena Nieto receives the sash on Saturday , it comes with a heavy responsibility .
Tens of thousands of families have been affected by violent crime in Mexico over the past six years and the new president has promised to make them a priority during his time in office .
&quot; I hope he &apos;s the same kind of president as he was a governor , &quot; says PRI Congressman Olvera in Valle del Bravo .
That , however , is exactly what victims &apos; families in Ciudad Neza most fear .
Bradley Manning didn &apos;t complain about mistreatment , prosecutors contend
Prosecutors try to counter Bradley Manning &apos;s claims of abuse in confinement
The hearing focuses on Manning &apos;s time in the military brig at Quantico , Virginia
Defense wants case dismissed on grounds that Manning &apos;s confinement was harsh
The Army private is accused of stealing thousands of classified documents
Prosecutors tried to establish Friday that Army private Bradley Manning -- charged in the largest leak of classified material in U.S. history -- missed multiple opportunities to complain about the mistreatment he &apos;s alleging he suffered in military custody .
While cross @-@ examining Manning at a pre @-@ trial hearing at Ft . Meade , Maryland , prosecutor Maj. Ashden Fein asserted that records of weekly visits Manning had with unit officers during nine months of detention at Quantico , Virginia , show no complaints about his treatment .
The cross @-@ examination -- during a hearing on a defense motion to have Manning &apos;s case dismissed on grounds that his confinement has been harsh and has amounted to enough punishment -- came a day after Manning testified that he had considered suicide while in custody .
The Army intelligence analyst , arrested in June 2010 , is accused of stealing thousands of classified documents while serving in Iraq .
The material was then published online by WikiLeaks .
WikiLeaks has never confirmed that Manning was the source of its information .
In Friday &apos;s hearing , Fein reviewed with Manning the forms that officers filled out after meeting with Manning during his detention at Quantico &apos;s brig , where he was held under a heightened confinement status from July 2010 to April 2011 .
Officers would ask Manning questions and write down his responses .
When Fein asked about the forms Friday , Manning acknowledged that he rated treatment by his guards as &quot; excellent &quot; and treatment by the facility overall as &quot; very professional . &quot;
The forms show no complaints of mistreatment , even though the officers asked Manning directly about his treatment , Fein contended .
Manning responded that he would verbally express concern about issues and that the visiting officers would talk through the concerns and indicate that they would be addressed , but they didn &apos;t record the issues .
&quot; They would write down &apos; no issues &apos; ( after discussing the concerns ) , and it didn &apos;t necessarily mean I didn &apos;t bring something up , &quot; Manning said .
The judge , Army Col. Denise Lind , also asked Manning why he didn &apos;t complain about his treatment during a January 2011 meeting with a board examining the suicidal thoughts he expressed in a form months earlier .
Manning replied that his intention during that meeting was to get his &quot; prevention of injury &quot; status downgraded .
The military said they put him on this restrictive status -- a step below suicide watch -- for his protection and the safety of others .
&quot; I wanted staff to know I was fine , and ( I wanted to ) get off the POI status ... to enjoy an increased quality of life from my viewpoint , &quot; Manning said .
Manning testified Thursday about his arrest in Iraq and his transfer to Kuwait , where he was held for nearly two months before being transferred to the brig at Marine Base Quantico in Virginia in July 2010 .
He said he contemplated suicide in Kuwait and once passed out there due to the heat .
He said not being allowed to know what was happening to him or in the outside world was distressing .
&quot; My world just shrink to Camp Arafjon , to that cage , &quot; Manning said Thursday .
I thought I was going to die in that cage .
Once at Quantico , Manning said , he spend most days in a small cell -- at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours -- with no company .
Manning said he was allowed only a mattress , blanket , flip @-@ flops , some clothes and his glasses .
He said he tried to keep moving , because sleeping during the day or even lying down was against the rules .
Manning said he always slept with light from outside his cell in his eyes .
If guards could not see his face when he rolled over at night , he said they would wake him to roll back over .
Manning &apos;s lawyer filed a formal objection to Manning &apos;s treatment in January 2011 .
Manning was moved to the military prison at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , in April 2011 .
Also Friday , the judge asked Manning about an allegation that he made in Thursday &apos;s testimony -- that after being forced to sleep naked one night in his Quantico cell , he was forced to stand naked in front of guards and other inmates during a morning head count .
Manning had testified that he was never given a chance to cover himself with his blanket during the head count .
Under questioning from the judge Friday , Manning said that he inferred from his guard &apos;s order that he should drop a blanket that could have covered him , but he acknowledged that no one had ordered him to drop it .
Manning testified Thursday that he was forced to sleep naked the previous night because of his attempt to show an officer that he wasn &apos;t a danger to himself .
Manning said that he told the officer that he could have used the waistband of his underwear or his flip @-@ flops to hurt himself but hadn &apos;t done so .
That night , Manning testified , his underwear , flip @-@ flops and glasses were removed from his cell .
His lawyers hope the judge will at least take his experiences during confinement into account and sharply reduce his sentence should he be convicted at his court @-@ martial , which is expected to begin early next year .
The defense has said it plans to have Manning plead guilty to lesser offenses and fight other charges as being too extreme .
The hearing is scheduled to resume this weekend , with prosecutors expected to argue that the detention conditions were warranted .
The Pentagon has maintained that Manning was held in accordance with rules governing all maximum @-@ custody detainees at Quantico .
Counts against Manning include aiding the enemy , wrongfully causing intelligence to be published on the Internet , transmitting national defense information and theft of public property or records .
If he &apos;s convicted on all counts , he could face a life sentence .
My Mexican @-@ American identity crisis
He says many were forced to leave Mexico because of the lack of opportunities there
Mexicans tend to fault those who left ; they remind Mexicans of hard times , he says
Navarrette says Mexican @-@ Americans are caught between two worlds
On a recent trip to Mexico City , I had barely made my way down the concourse and arrived at the immigration processing area when I got stumped .
Signs pointed the way to two lines : one for &quot; Mexicanos &quot; ( &quot; Mexicans &quot; ) , another for &quot; Extranjeros &quot; ( &quot; Foreigners . &quot; )
I stood there for a few seconds , unsure of where to go .
Growing up in Central California , I had been called a &quot; Mexican &quot; my entire life .
It &apos;s ethnic shorthand in the same way that my friends in Boston refer to themselves as &quot; Irish &quot; or my friends in New York describe themselves as &quot; Italian . &quot;
Later , I settled on &quot; Mexican @-@ American . &quot;
But , this was Mexico .
And , in the homeland of my grandfather , there was no need for shorthand or hyphens .
I was simply an American .
I speak Spanish , good enough to handle either end of an interview in that language .
But I don &apos;t have the vocabulary of a native , and I can &apos;t shake my American accent .
So I took my U.S. passport and got in the line for Extranjeros .
I thought about that moment this week when Mexican president @-@ elect Enrique Pena Nieto visited the White House to meet with President Obama .
On the agenda , as usual , when the leaders of these two countries meet : immigration , drugs and trade .
Pena Nieto was also eager to talk about the growth of the Mexican economy , which is one reason that Mexicans are now just as likely to stay in Mexico as venture to the United States .
He wants to partner with the United States and Canada , and create a European Union @-@ style trading bloc in North America .
And Pena Nieto vowed to continue Mexico &apos;s war against the drug cartels , even though he offered no specifics .
For Mexico , the relationship with the United States is complicated and filled with hard feelings .
Most Americans probably never give a thought to the fact that , in 1848 , the United States invaded Mexico and forced its leaders to sign over half their territory at the point of rifle .
But for Mexicans , who think in terms of centuries , not minutes , the reminders are everywhere .
So the minute that a U.S. official says anything the least bit critical of Mexico , you start hearing -- in the Mexican press , and among the elites -- complaints about how the Americans are encroaching upon their neighbor &apos;s sovereignty .
And the children of Montezuma go on the warpath .
And yet , for Mexico , the really challenging relationship is with the more than 35 million Mexican @-@ Americans living in the United States .
You want to talk about hard feelings ?
There is plenty .
Mexico has winners and losers , people for whom the country provides opportunities and others for whom it doesn &apos;t .
The only reason you have so many people of Mexican ancestry living in cities like Los Angeles , Las Vegas , Phoenix , Denver or San Antonio is because , at some point in our family tree , there was a person , maybe a parent or grandparent , who was shut out from opportunity in Mexico and had to go north .
And more often than not , that person fit a profile -- dark skin , little education , from a poor village , etc .
We &apos;re their offspring , and we &apos;re loyal to them .
Not Mexico .
And even though we may now be living the American Dream , having gone to good schools and taken good jobs , we can never lose sight of the fact that it &apos;s the American Dream we &apos;re living , and not the Mexican one .
Our identity might sometimes be fuzzy , but our loyalty is clear .
It &apos;s to the United States .
Besides , we &apos;re aware that many of the elite Mexicans in the ruling class don &apos;t like us .
The feeling is mutual .
They see us as a reminder of a humiliating defeat and look down on us as inferior stock that isn &apos;t sufficiently Mexican .
Our Spanish will never be good enough , our ties to Mexico never strong enough .
Our existence is , as they see it , all about failure .
If our families hadn &apos;t failed in Mexico , they wouldn &apos;t have left .
And we wouldn &apos;t now find ourselves trapped behind the silk curtain , living well in the United States but lost souls nonetheless .
My wife , who was born in Guadalajara and came to the United States legally as a child , reminds me that there is friction between Mexicans and Mexican @-@ Americans because Mexicans have a firmer grasp of who they are and Mexican @-@ Americans resent that .
While she &apos;s a U.S. citizen , she sees herself as a part of two countries .
Meanwhile , many Mexican @-@ Americans I know don &apos;t feel like they &apos;re a part of either .
We love listening to the Mexican band , Los Tigres del Norte , but also to Bruce Springsteen .
You get the best of both worlds , but you &apos;re rooted in neither .
In Mexico , we &apos;re seen as Americans .
And in the United States , we &apos;re considered Mexican .
Now , to complicate the relationship even further , as I learned during my trip , some Mexican leaders and parts of the intelligentsia want to reconnect with the Diaspora .
They want to put Mexican @-@ Americans to work as makeshift &quot; ambassadors &quot; for Mexico , representing its interest in the United States .
We would tell our fellow Americans what a great country this is to visit and pressure political leaders to strengthen ties with Mexico .
Yeah .
That &apos;s not going to happen .
Too many hard feelings .
And , with income inequality and rampant corruption and drug violence , many of us are not so sure that it is a great country .
I &apos;m afraid you &apos;re on your own , amigos .
That &apos;s fair .
If at least some Mexicans aren &apos;t yet ready to forgive the United States for how it treated Mexico a century and a half ago , then they have to accept the fact that some Mexican @-@ Americans still hold a grudge for how their family members were treated much more recently than that .
Hmmm .
Maybe we &apos;re more &quot; Mexican &quot; than I thought .
Old battles , new Middle East
The ceasefire between Israel and Hamas could yet be an unlikely foundation for peace
Can there ever be a lasting peace between Arabs and Jews in the Middle East ?
Another round of bloodshed suggests that any such hope is vain .
Amid the usual futile arguments over who started it , scores of buildings have been reduced to rubble ; more than 140 Palestinians , most of them civilians , and six Israelis have been killed ; and , for the first time , missiles from Gaza have landed near Tel Aviv , Israel &apos;s metropolis , and the holy city of Jerusalem .
But though the Israelis and Palestinians seem stuck in their ancient conflict , all around them the Middle East is changing .
The Arab spring has thrown the pieces up in the air , and , like it or not , the Palestinians and Israelis are caught up in the regional turmoil .
Maybe this will make their struggle bloodier than before .
However , there are reasons for thinking it could just break their lethal stalemate .
A war that is neither lost or won
At first sight , optimism looks very hard to justify now .
Even if the ceasefire agreed on November 21st holds , this week &apos;s fighting has strengthened the hawks on both sides .
The leaders of Hamas , the Islamist movement that has ruled Gaza since 2007 , will claim to have forced the Israelis to back off , even though Gaza has taken a drubbing .
Despite killing some of its leaders and bottling up Gaza &apos;s 1.7m people in one of the most wretched and crowded corners of the planet , Israel has failed to destroy Hamas .
Indeed Hamas is gaining on the West Bank , the other bit of Palestine currently run by its bitter rivals in Fatah , the more moderate Palestinian faction .
Moreover , Hamas &apos;s leaders may well conclude that time is on their side .
As Islamists across the Arab world have gained clout , so Hamas has made powerful and rich friends .
Turkey , a resurgent regional power that was once Israel &apos;s closest Muslim ally , has taken up Hamas &apos;s cause ; so has Qatar , one of the richest and most dynamic of the Gulf states .
Jubilant Hamas people say an Islamist crescent is curving around Israel , from Lebanon in the north , where the Hizbullah party @-@ cum @-@ militia holds sway , through Syria , where rebels of an increasingly Islamist bent may topple Bashar Assad , and on down through Jordan , where Hamas &apos;s allies are menacing the king .
Above all , on Israel &apos;s southern flank , the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood under President Muhammad Morsi in Egypt , by far the most populous and pivotal of Arab countries , has changed the region &apos;s balance .
Hosni Mubarak , the secular despot who ran Egypt for 30 years until his downfall in 2011 , had little time for Hamas .
By contrast , the Brotherhood is a cousin of Hamas , and its leaders are more subject to popular opinion .
In future diplomacy Hamas may emerge as an actor that cannot be shut out even by Israel and America .
Meanwhile , Israel &apos;s hardliners will draw the opposite conclusions .
In military terms , Hamas has been put back in its box .
Israel &apos;s Iron Dome anti @-@ missile system has proved its worth and many of Hamas &apos;s missiles have been destroyed .
Israelis will sleep more soundly - for a while .
In diplomatic terms , America is as steadfast as ever ; many European countries also blamed Hamas for starting the latest round of violence .
Above all , Israel has prospered , especially under Binyamin Netanyahu , a prime minister who has largely ignored the peace process .
Although rockets from Gaza have killed around 30 Israelis since 2004 , Israel has been fairly free of suicide @-@ bombers , thanks in part to the barrier that bites into the West Bank , the main chunk of a would @-@ be Palestinian state , and protects the Jewish settlements that continue to expand despite their illegality in international law .
Mr Netanyahu , whose Likud party has merged with an even more hawkish lot under Avigdor Lieberman in the run @-@ up to an election on January 22nd , is sitting pretty .
Why coddle those twisty Palestinians by giving them a state of their own ?
If they really ran the West Bank , would they not fire rockets , just as their compatriots have done in Gaza ?
Better to keep them behind that wall and smite them if they raise their heads .
Maybe the hardliners will win out ; yet the Arab spring may change their calculations .
Even if the Islamists taking power in Egypt and elsewhere have little love for Israel , their priority will be tackling difficulties at home .
Israel &apos;s defence budget is bigger than that of its four Arab neighbours combined .
Starting a war with the local superpower will hardly help the new Arab governments mend their economies .
That the pragmatic Mr Morsi worked with Barack Obama to obtain a ceasefire augurs well - and might just mark the start of something .
Israelis too should look to the longer term .
With the rest of the Arab world becoming more democratic , depriving Palestinians of their right to self @-@ determination is creating a powder keg that is bound one day to explode in the territories occupied by Israel - much as a bus exploded in Tel Aviv this week .
Repression is already undermining democracy in the Jewish state , and demography exacerbates this as the Arab population swells .
Bloody missions against Gaza every few years to knock back Hamas will exact a growing diplomatic toll .
Both sides need prodding by outsiders
The answer remains the one trumpeted by sensible people on both sides , most of the outside world and this newspaper : two states , with Israel ceding territory for security .
The hope - a small one in the short term - is that the ceasefire will give a little more leverage to outsiders pushing that cause .
Egypt , which must now set about stopping the flow of arms into Gaza , along with Turkey and Qatar , is better placed than ever to persuade Hamas to accept the idea of a Jewish state based on the 1967 boundaries with land swaps and a shared Jerusalem .
Arab outsiders should also press Hamas and Fatah to come together .
That would do more to create a Palestinian state than the imminent bid for virtual statehood at the UN .
Mr Obama also has a part in getting Israel to the table .
During his first term , he neglected to present his own plan for peace .
Back in the White House , he is looking just as reluctant to be drawn in .
This is woefully short @-@ sighted .
America has a vital interest in a stable Middle East .
That means a peace settlement between Israel and the Palestinians .
Cigarette plain packaging laws come into force in Australia
Smoking warnings and diseased body parts emblazoned on dull green boxes that are the same for all tobacco brands
Australia &apos;s world @-@ first laws on cigarette and tobacco plain packaging have come into force , replacing brand logos and colours with generic drab olive green coverings , gruesome pictures of diseased body parts and depictions of children and babies made ill by their parents &apos; smoking .
Apart from the varying health warnings and images the only difference between the packs , mandatory from Saturday , are the brand names , and these are all printed in identical small font .
It is the world &apos;s most strict regime for the packaging of tobacco .
Australia &apos;s federal government says the aim is to deter young people from smoking by stripping the habit of glamour .
It is relying on studies showing that if people have not started smoking by age 26 there is a 99 % chance they will never take it up .
&quot; Even from a very early age you can see that kids understand the message that the tobacco company is trying to sell through their branding , &quot; said the federal health minister , Tanya Plibersek , citing studies that showed , for example , children linking a crown in a logo with the idea of being a princess .
While Australia has one of the world &apos;s lowest smoking rates and the changes will have little impact on multinationals &apos; profits , other countries are considering similar steps .
The tobacco industry lobbied hard against the laws .
Tobacco firms said they would boost black market trade , leading to cheaper , more accessible cigarettes .
&quot; There will be serious unintended consequences from the legislation , &quot; said Scott McIntyre of British American Tobacco Australia .
Counterfeiters from China and Indonesia will bring lots more of these products down to sell on the streets of Australia .
Others say the laws have boosted their business .
Sandra Ha of Zico Import Pty Ltd , a small family business , said demand for cigarette cases , silicon covers to mask the unpalatable packages , had shot up from almost nothing two months ago since British American Tobacco , Britain &apos;s Imperial Tobacco , Philip Morris and Japan Tobacco lost a challenge to the laws in Australia &apos;s high court .
Ha said Zico had sold up to 6,000 to wholesale outlets and was awaiting new stock .
This is good business for us .
The potential hitch , experts say , is the popularity of social media with the very demographic the plan is targeting .
After a series of Australian laws banning TV advertising and sports sponsorship and requiring most sellers to hide cigarettes from view , tobacco marketing has moved online .
Australia has banned web advertising by local companies and sites but cannot restrict overseas sites .
&quot; If you are a tobacco marketer and you &apos;ve only got this small window left to promote your products , online is the compelling place for you to be in , &quot; said Becky Freeman , a public health researcher at Sydney University .
Freeman noted an increase in &quot; average Joe &quot; reviews of brands on social media sites such as YouTube , Twitter and Facebook .
We have to ask , is that just a private citizen who really loves Marlboro cigarettes and they &apos;ve gone to the trouble of making a video , or is there a marketing company involved ?
British American Tobacco Australia said the industry was focused on dealing with the new rules rather than marketing .
The industry has gone as far as paying for Ukraine , Honduras and the Dominican Republic to challenge the new rules - the countries are claiming at the World Trade Organisation that trade is being unfairly restricted , despite none of the countries having significant trade with Australia .
A WTO ruling is likely in mid @-@ 2013 .
Plibersek said the government had held discussions with other countries considering similar laws on packaging .
Canada was the first country to make photograph warnings mandatory in 2001 .
They now extend to more than 40 countries including Brazil , Turkey and Ukraine .
Tougher laws are being considered in Britain , New Zealand , South Africa and India .
Many smokers in Australia remain defiant .
The pictures don &apos;t affect me .
I just ignore them .
&quot; You just grab a smoke and put it away , &quot; said Victor El Hage as he purchased a pack with a photograph of a mouth tumour .
Honestly , there &apos;s only one reason I &apos;d stop , and that &apos;s my little girl .
James Yu , who runs the King of the Pack tobacconist in central Sydney , said the uniform packaging made it harder to stack his shelves
&quot; It used to take me an hour to unload a delivery , now it takes me four hours , &quot; Yu said .
&quot; The government should have just banned them altogether and then we &apos;d go OK , fine , we &apos;re done , we &apos;ll shut up shop , &quot; he said , throwing his hands up in the air .
In a Constantly Plugged @-@ In World , It &apos;s Not All Bad to Be Bored
I spent five unexpected hours in an airport this Thanksgiving holiday when our plane had mechanical difficulties and we had to wait for another plane to arrive .
So I had plenty of time to think about the subject of boredom .
I won &apos;t lie to you .
Half a day in an airport waiting for a flight is pretty tedious , even with the distractions of books , magazines and iPhones ( not to mention duty @-@ free shopping ) .
But increasingly , some academics and child development experts are coming out in praise of boredom .
It &apos;s all right for us - and our children - to be bored on occasion , they say .
It forces the brain to go on interesting tangents , perhaps fostering creativity .
And because most of us are almost consistently plugged into one screen or another these days , we don &apos;t experience the benefits of boredom .
So should we embrace boredom ?
Yes .
And no .
But I &apos;ll get back to that .
First of all , like many people , I assumed that boredom was a relatively recent phenomenon , with the advent of more leisure time .
Not so , says Peter Toohey , a professor of Greek and Roman history at the University of Calgary in Canada and the author of &quot; Boredom : A Lively History &quot; ( Yale University Press , 2011 ) .
&quot; Boredom actually has a very long history , &quot; he said .
There &apos;s Latin graffiti about boredom on the walls of Pompeii dating from the first century .
Then there &apos;s the question of how we define boredom .
The trouble is that it has been defined , and discussed , in many different ways , said John D. Eastwood , an associate professor of psychology at York University in Ontario , Canada .
After looking over the research literature and putting the idea in front of a focus group of about 100 people , Professor Eastwood and his colleagues defined boredom as an experience of &quot; wanting to , but being unable to engage in satisfying activity . &quot;
What separates boredom from apathy , he said , is that the person is not engaged but wants to be .
With apathy , he said , there is no urge to do something .
The core experience of boredom , he said , is &quot; disruption of the attention process , associated with a low mood and a sense that time is passing slowly . &quot;
Boredom can sound an awful lot like depression .
But Professor Eastwood said that while they can be related , people who are bored tend to see the problem as the environment or the world , while people who are depressed see the problem as themselves .
Sometimes we think we &apos;re bored when we just have difficulty concentrating .
In their study , &quot; The Unengaged Mind : Defining Boredom in Terms of Attention , &quot; which appeared in the journal Perspectives on Psychological Science in September , Professor Eastwood and his colleagues pointed to an earlier experiment in which participants listened to a tape of a person reading a magazine article .
Some groups heard a loud and unrelated television program in the next room , others heard it at a low level so it was barely noticeable , while the third group didn &apos;t hear the soundtrack at all .
The ones who heard the low @-@ level TV reported more boredom than the other two groups - they had difficulty concentrating but were not sure why , and attributed that difficulty to boredom .
When you &apos;re trying to focus on a difficult or engaging task , disruption of attention can lead to boredom , said Mark J. Fenske , an associate professor of neuroscience at the University of Guelph in Ontario and one of the authors of the study .
On the other hand , when you &apos;re doing something dull , &quot; such as looking for bad widgets on a factory line , distracting music can help you not be bored . &quot;
In fact , he said , we now know that squirming and doodling , often seen as a sign of boredom , can actually help combat it by keeping people more physically alert .
&quot; Research shows that kids who are allowed to fidget learn more and retain more information than those who are forced to sit still , &quot; Professor Fenske said .
We all experience boredom at some points - my flight delay , a droning speaker , a particularly tedious movie .
But some individuals are more likely to be bored than others .
To help measure this , researchers developed a &quot; Boredom Proneness Scale &quot; in the 1980s .
The scale includes questions like , &quot; Many things I have to do are repetitive and monotonous , &quot; and &quot; I have so many interests , I don &apos;t have time to do everything . &quot;
Using such scales , researchers have discovered that boys tend to be bored more often than girls , said Stephen Vodanovich , a professor of psychology at the University of West Florida , especially when it comes needing more , and a variety of , external stimulation .
But in general , teenagers are a pretty jaded lot .
In 1991 , Reed Larson , a professor of human and community development at the University of Illinois , conducted an experiment in which he contacted almost 400 teenagers and their parents seven to eight times a day by beeper .
He found that 32 percent of adolescents said they were bored in school and doing homework , while 23 percent said they were bored when they weren &apos;t in school .
On the other hand , 3 percent of parents said they were bored .
Professor Larson said he did not know whether the boredom percentages now , 21 years later , would be higher or lower .
But he said he did know that &quot; adolescence is a peak period for boredom , &quot; largely because children and teenagers are not given a lot of control over what they want to do .
So back to my original question : Is boredom good for you ?
Sometimes no , because in its extreme it can lead people to take absurd physical risks , gamble or indulge in substance abuse as a way to ease it , research shows .
On the other hand , many philosophers and writers discuss the connection between boredom and creativity , said Professor Vodanovich , who has been studying the issue for more than two decades .
&quot; Boredom is the brain &apos;s way to tell you you should be doing something else , &quot; said Gary Marcus , a professor of psychology at N.Y.U.
But the brain doesn &apos;t always know the most appropriate thing to do .
If you &apos;re bored and use that energy to play guitar and cook , it will make you happy .
But if you watch TV , it may make you happy in the short term , but not in the long term .
So if your child is bored and you give him an iPad , he may not be bored anymore , but he hasn &apos;t learned how to entertain himself , or self regulate , Professor Fenske said .
And &quot; that self @-@ regulation transfers from one situation to other , &quot; he said .
Your kid doesn &apos;t just learn to entertain himself , but gets more self @-@ control in other areas .
I don &apos;t think we really want to celebrate boredom .
Nor should we be too critical of it .
Rather , our goal should be to feel comfortable away from the constant chatter of activity and technology .
Professor Eastwood agreed .
&quot; We frame it as we need to be bored more , but boredom is an agonizing , restless desire to be connected with something meaningful , &quot; he said .
What people are really searching for , he said , is a way to unplug and enjoy down time .
&quot; In an environment where we are constantly overstimulated , &quot; he said , &quot; it &apos;s hard to find ways to engage when the noise shuts down . &quot;
In Colorado , No Playbook for New Marijuana Law
Anthony Orozco , 19 , a community college student and soccer player in southeastern Colorado , is facing criminal charges for something that will soon be legal across this state : the possession of a few nuggets of marijuana and a pipe he used to smoke it .
Mr. Orozco said that one day in September he and a few friends were driving in Lamar , on the plains near the Kansas border , when they were pulled over .
After the police officer found marijuana in the car , Mr. Orozco was issued a summons for possession and drug paraphernalia - petty offenses that each carry a $ 100 fine - and given a court date .
&quot; We get treated like criminals , &quot; Mr. Orozco said .
But is he one ?
In the uncertain weeks after Colorado &apos;s vote to legalize small amounts of marijuana for recreational use , the answer in hundreds of minor drug cases depends less on the law than on location .
Hundreds of misdemeanor marijuana cases are already being dropped here and in Washington State , which approved a similar measure .
Police departments have stopped charging adults 21 years and older for small @-@ scale possession that will be legally sanctioned once the laws take effect in the coming weeks .
But prosecutors in more conservative precincts in Colorado have vowed to press ahead with existing marijuana cases and are still citing people for possession .
At the same time , several towns from the Denver suburbs to the Western mountains are voting to block new , state @-@ licensed retail marijuana shops from opening in their communities .
&quot; This thing is evolving so quickly that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen next , &quot; said Daniel J. Oates , the police chief in Aurora , just east of Denver .
Regulators in Washington State are also scratching their heads .
And they are looking for guidance on how to set up a system of licenses for production , manufacturing , distribution and sales - all by a deadline of Dec. 1 , 2013 .
They say that Colorado , for better or worse , is ahead of most states in regulating marijuana , first for medical use and now recreationally .
&quot; Colorado has a more regulated market , so they will be a good guide , &quot; said Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Liquor Control Board .
But no place or system , Mr. Smith conceded , can do more than suggest what might work .
&quot; There &apos;s no real precedent for us to follow , &quot; he said .
Washington &apos;s law , called I @-@ 502 , takes effect on Dec. 6 , which also leaves a year of limbo during which the state licensing system will not yet exist , but legalized possession will .
And there are thorny mechanical questions that must be resolved during that time , like how to balance the state &apos;s mandate of &quot; adequate access &quot; to licensed marijuana with its prohibitions on cannabis businesses within 1,000 feet of a school , park , playground or child care center .
&quot; Nowhere will it be more difficult to site a licensed cannabis business than in urban areas , particularly in the Seattle metropolitan area , &quot; said Ben Livingston , a spokesman for the Center for Legal Cannabis , a recently formed research group .
On Nov. 21 , Chief Oates in Aurora sent his officers an e @-@ mail announcing that the city attorney would no longer be prosecuting small marijuana violations for anyone 21 years or older , and that the police would stop charging people for those crimes &quot; effective immediately . &quot;
Chief Oates said that the police would enforce city codes regulating medical marijuana growers , and that they would still pursue drug traffickers and dealers .
In northern Colorado &apos;s Weld County , the district attorney , Ken Buck , represents a stricter view .
After the vote , he said his office would continue pursuing marijuana possession cases , mostly as a way to press users into getting treatment .
Right now , 119 people face charges of possessing two ounces or less of marijuana , though many are facing other charges .
&quot; Our office has an obligation to prosecute offenses that were crimes at the time they occurred , &quot; Mr. Buck said in a statement .
The response has been complicated even in places like rural Mesa County , where voters rejected the marijuana initiative .
The police in Grand Junction , the county &apos;s largest city , are no longer citing adults for possession of small amounts .
The county &apos;s district attorney , Pete Hautzinger , supported that decision , but also decided not to dismiss all of the pending possession cases .
&quot; I do not think I &apos;m wasting my time continuing to enforce the law until it changes , &quot; he said .
Although 55 percent of Colorado voters supported the measure , bringing recreational marijuana into the folds of government and the legal system was never going to be simple .
And the contradictory reactions across the state lay bare a deep ambivalence among local officials about the state &apos;s big green experiment .
&quot; It &apos;s a cultural barrier &quot; with district attorneys , said Sean McAllister , a Denver lawyer who represents marijuana defendants and is a local spokesman for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
&quot; They spent so much of their lives prosecuting people that they still don &apos;t really accept that this is legal , &quot; he said .
As the first states to treat small amounts of marijuana like alcohol , Colorado and Washington are poised to become national test cases for drug legalization .
As advocates and state officials plan for a new frontier of legalized sales , they are also anxiously awaiting direction from the federal government , which still plans to treat the sale and cultivation of marijuana as federal crimes .
Advocates for legalized marijuana are hoping the Justice Department yields .
Despite some high @-@ profile arrests of medical marijuana patients and sellers , the federal government has mostly allowed medical marijuana businesses to operate in Colorado , Washington and 16 other states .
While drug agents will probably not beat down doors to seize a small bag of the drug , they are likely to balk at allowing the state @-@ regulated recreational marijuana shops allowed under the new laws , said Kevin A. Sabet , a former drug policy adviser in the Obama administration .
Several cities in Colorado are not waiting for federal authorities to act .
Even before Election Day , some local governments approved moratoriums on any new marijuana shops , even though it will be about a year before any can open .
Last week , the western city of Montrose took up a six @-@ month ban , and is likely to pass it next week .
&quot; We don &apos;t want to be put in a position where we license somebody and then have a big federal issue , &quot; said Bob Nicholson , a City Council member .
Our community voted against this amendment .
We &apos;re looking at what the community voted for versus what the state voted for .
There &apos;s an awful lot of questions .
Petronella Wyatt : I was bullied out of Oxford for being a Tory
It is not just today &apos;s university students who are attacked for their views
I can &apos;t remember a time when I didn &apos;t dream of winning a place at Oxford University .
Both my father and my elder brother had been at what I imagined was the world &apos;s greatest seat of learning , a modern @-@ day wine @-@ blushed Greek symposium encouraging the dual pillars of civilisation , free thinking and tolerance .
Yet , within two weeks of taking up my place at Worcester College in the late Eighties to read history , I &apos;d packed my bags , precipitating the first scandal of my life .
My father broke down and cried .
Friends were baffled .
The Evening Standard diary claimed I &apos;d quit because I objected to fellow undergraduates having sex in the room next to mine .
The writer A N Wilson announced waggishly that I &apos;d departed because I was forced to drink out of chipped mugs .
The truth was less droll .
I ran away .
Yes , ran , because I had been subject to systematic bullying and intimidation .
Not on account of my rather outré name , or the fact that I came from a private school .
I was persecuted for one reason only , and in this cradle of supposed enlightenment it was both bigoted and barbaric : my father , the late Woodrow Wyatt , was a high @-@ profile adviser to Margaret Thatcher and I was a Conservative supporter .
Why bring this up now , you might ask .
Well , recent reports suggest that a new generation of Right @-@ of @-@ centre students are suffering a similar persecution .
Such is the institutionalised and increasing hatred of Tory students at Oxford that last week a group of them demanded the same equal @-@ rights protection as gays , disabled people and ethnic minorities .
Conservative members of Corpus Christi College &apos;s junior common room ( JCR ) claim they are &quot; often actively isolated , personally attacked and made to feel unwelcome &quot; because of their political views .
They want to create a post on the college &apos;s equal opportunities committee to ensure that their opinions can be aired freely .
Their situation wasn &apos;t helped by a recent BBC Two documentary , Wonderland : Young , Bright and on the Right , about student politics , which portrayed Tories as oddballs and neo @-@ Nazis .
It featured graduate Joe Cooke , former president of the Oxford University Conservative Association ( OUCA ) , travelling in a Rolls @-@ Royce , sporting a silver suit and silver @-@ topped cane .
At other universities , Conservative students say they are being treated as &quot; scapegoats &quot; for the introduction of higher tuition fees . &quot;
Luke Black , 20 , vice @-@ president of Nottingham University Conservative Association , told a Sunday newspaper that &quot; there is a growing Left @-@ wing bias at universities .
People assume we are like the Bullingdon Club without meeting us . &quot;
Samuel Roberts , 21 , a history student at Corpus Christi , who proposed the motion for greater protection , says such a climate is &quot; uncomfortable , &quot; while Stephanie Cherill , 19 , president elect of OUCA , says there has been a deterioration in the attitude of JCR members towards people who are Right of centre .
&quot; This poses a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual discussion , as well as to the welfare of members , &quot; she says .
I was in a minority of one during my first few weeks at Oxford .
I had gone up in September 1986 , a cripplingly shy 18 @-@ year @-@ old .
Hatred of the Conservative Party was at its most febrile .
The year before , the university had voted to refuse Margaret Thatcher - a former student - an honorary degree , because of cuts in higher education funding .
The atmosphere would have made a Stalinist shudder with apprehension .
During the first few days of freshers &quot; week , when new students socialise with each other and the dons , I had a taste of the wormwood that was to come .
I was to find that the dons not only connived in the taunting of Tory undergraduates but took part with relish .
The politics of the miners &quot; strike , privatisation and the government &apos;s opposition to sanctions against apartheid South Africa were brought into the wood @-@ panelled rooms of the tutorial .
My first one involved translating 18th @-@ century French texts into English , and I was unprepared for what followed .
&quot; Miss Wyatt , &quot; said the don , Harry Pitt ( now deceased ) , &quot; please translate the first paragraph . &quot;
I stumbled over it .
A small man with a face like cake batter , Pitt was big on bile .
&quot; Do Thatcherites refuse to learn French or are they just stupid ? &quot; he demanded .
The other undergraduates giggled .
Tears pricked the back of my eyes .
&quot; I suggest you take some basic French lessons in your spare time - that is , if you &apos;re not too busy socialising , &quot; Pitt snarled .
I walked back to my rooms a disconsolate figure .
At dinner in college that evening I sat by myself ; then I felt a light tap on my shoulder .
It was a second @-@ year English student named James who introduced himself as a member of the OUCA .
&quot; I know who you are , &quot; he said kindly .
I &apos;m afraid it &apos;s like that .
Anyone suspected of being a Tory is picked on .
It &apos;s bad enough for me , but they know your father is close to Margaret Thatcher , so it will be worse for you .
Most Tory freshers pretend they &apos;re Labour .
Later , at a local pub , I cravenly attempted to dissimulate .
I insisted that I didn &apos;t agree with everything Mrs Thatcher said .
This ploy proved unsuccessful .
A first year PPE student , who , ironically , had been to Eton , said : &quot; You &apos;re the daughter of a fascist pig . &quot;
You &apos;re contaminated .
Other students took up the refrain .
I was perverted , dirty .
&quot; How do Tories have sex ? &quot; one asked .
They beat each other , don &apos;t they ?
I felt the way homosexuals must have felt before the liberal legislation of the Sixties .
Would I ever be able to lead a normal life at Oxford ?
Would I be forced to meet like @-@ minded people only after dark ?
Would I have to turn to Labour and suppress my natural inclinations ?
The three years before me stretched out as a purgatory of ostracism and isolation .
The only openly Tory don was Norman Stone , Professor of Modern History , who was based at my college .
He was hated for being not only a Conservative but a foreign policy adviser to Thatcher and one of her speech writers .
He was hardly ever there .
He loathed the place as provincial and petty , and for its adherence to the Marxist @-@ determinist view of history .
In 1997 he took up a professorship at the University of Bilkent , in Ankara , Turkey .
&quot; You won &apos;t be happy here , &quot; he told me .
I began commuting from Oxford to my parents &quot; house in London , finding refuge with my more open @-@ minded metropolitan friends and family .
I told my father I hated Oxford and why .
He was incredulous .
During his time there in the Forties , all political views had been accepted .
&quot; But it &apos;s the best place in the world , &quot; he said pathetically .
They wouldn &apos;t do that , not among my dreaming spires .
Even my Communist friends always had impeccable manners .
His rheumy eyes began to cloud .
Give it a chance .
I &apos;m sure it &apos;s all just a tease .
It would break my heart if you left .
Exhausted by my frequent trips to London , my emotional resistance was deteriorating .
A male friend of mine , also a Tory supporter , had succumbed to pressure and renounced his creed .
During a tutorial the following week , when another history don had suggested , in complete seriousness , that I was an &quot; enemy of the people , &quot; I decided to do the same .
Inwardly blushing with shame , I admitted to being &quot; brainwashed by my parents &quot; and called them &quot; old fools . &quot;
The respite was short .
It was my father who drove the nail into the coffin of my Oxford career .
At the time , he wrote two columns in the Murdoch press each week .
My door was locked .
I cowered inside , and after five minutes , my pursuers gave up .
When they left , I packed a suitcase and caught the first train to London .
I never went back .
You may call me a snivelling wimp .
But no 18 @-@ year @-@ old should be subject to such intimidation and vitriol in an educational institution .
Even more tragic is that it was Oxford , which not only produced 14 Tory prime ministers , but , to this day , hides behind an ill @-@ deserved reputation for equality and freedom of thought .
&quot; Valentino prefers elegance to notoriety &quot;
On the occasion of the &quot; Valentino : Master of Couture , &quot; an exhibition that opened this week in London , ABC speaks with Naty Abascal , Fiona Thyssen @-@ Bornemisza and other of the Italian designer &apos;s famous clients .
Somerset House , former home of Queen Elizabeth I of England , is the only place in the British capital worthy of hosting a Valentino Garavani exhibition .
During the inauguration of &quot; Valentino : Master of Couture , &quot; the designer acknowledged a retrospective apotheosis that brings together over 130 couture gowns created by his fashion house over the past 50 years .
&quot; I love this palace &quot; he says , in his unmistakable Italian accent .
This exhibition is the culmination of a story whose only protagonist is &quot; signore &quot; Garavani , although it could not have been written without his distinguished clients .
Valentino has always been fascinated by the rarefied and distant world of the nobility .
In the first room of the exhibition , open until March 3 , there are a number of private letters and photos signed by the cream of aristocracy , from Princess Salimah Aga Khan , Lord Snowdon , Princess Marie @-@ Chantal of Greece to Margaret of England .
Valentino exhibits these personal memories as if they were trophies of his social ascent from humble couturier in Voghera , northern Italy , to idol of the international jet @-@ set .
There is nothing wrong with loving royalty .
&quot; At least they don &apos;t drop cigarette ends on your magnificent carpet , like some beautiful pop music celebrities do , &quot; says Baroness Fiona Thyssen @-@ Bornemisza .
In the &apos; 60s and &apos; 70s , we both lived in the Alps and were good friends .
Valentino is a spectacular host whose entertains with generosity and elegance .
&quot; We all loved being invited to his chalet in Gstaad &quot; says &quot; Heini &quot; Thyssen &apos;s ex @-@ wife , a close friend of forgotten beauties such as Marella Agnelli and Eugenie Niarchos .
Valentino has always preferred elegance to notoriety .
And yet , he is a star .
Valeria Mazza , wearing a Valentino .
The Argentine model Valeria Mazza also recalls the couturier &apos;s charisma .
Many years ago , after a fashion show in Piazza di Spagna in Rome , we went for dinner at his flat .
There were twenty of us , including Sharon Stone and John Kennedy Jr .
You could see and feel his &quot; spirit &quot; in every detail of the flat and its decor , the food and the music .
&quot; All the guests were made to feel important and loved &quot; recalls the top model , who started working with him during Haute Couture Week Paris , in 1995 .
&quot; His designs are works of art and so never go out of fashion &quot; she concludes .
Nobility parade
Garavani &apos;s life is not a story of obsession , but of well reciprocated love .
He loves well @-@ educated people who come from good backgrounds , and they love him .
One of the Somerset House galleries has been transformed into a glamorous , sixty @-@ foot long catwalk which offers a role reversal : visitors take the place of the models and have to parade down the catwalk while looking at a dream &quot; audience &quot; wearing Valentino masterpieces , for example , the dress Jackie Kennedy chose for her wedding with Aristotle Onassis , the costume Monica Vitti wore in &quot; La Notte &quot; and the wool and leather coat that belonged to Empress Farah Diba .
In this crowd of mannequins , names stand out such as Sibilla of Luxembourg , Gloria von Thurn und Taxis , Mette @-@ Marit of Norway , Rosario of Bulgaria and Sofia of Habsburg .
Naty Abascal and the designer , in 2006
Many of these clients say your first Valentino is like your first love , &quot; impossible to forget . &quot;
I remember it perfectly .
It was a pair of trousers , a shirt , a &quot; gilet &quot; waistcoat and jacket from the 1971 @-@ 1972 autumn @-@ winter collection .
&quot; It was a gift he gave me &quot; says Naty Abascal , one of the designer &apos;s muses .
&quot; I prefer him to other designers because of his femininity , his great love of women , and because he enhances our beauty &quot; added the former Duchess of Feria .
I love the colours he uses , they really stand out and &quot; lend themselves &quot; to your face .
Their proportions are perfect .
The princess and fashion advisor Patricia della Giovampaola d &apos;Arenberg also remembers the first time she wore a Valentino .
As a teenager living in Italy , I dreamed of reaching the age when I &apos;d have the chance to wear one of his evening gowns ...
My time finally came in the late &apos; 90s .
I bought my first Valentino dress to wear at a party in the castle belonging to my cousin , Prince Edouard de Ligne .
It was a red dress , with a frilly skirt , draped &quot; corsage &quot; and a strapless neckline .
&quot; It was a dream come true &quot; says Princess D &apos;Arenberg , the widow of Rodrigo d &apos;Arenberg .
&quot; Valentino is indifferent to fashion , his obsession is timeless &quot; says this Italian aristocrat who lives between Paris , New York and Buenos Aires .
Princess D &apos;Arenberg looks after her couturier gowns with &quot; the utmost care ... because a dress not just a dress , it &apos;s also the many memories that go with it . &quot;
The &quot; king &quot; of fashion
The &quot; grand finale &quot; of the Somerset House exhibition is Marie @-@ Chantal Miller &apos;s wedding dress from her marriage to Paul of Greece in 1995 .
It took four months &apos; work and 25 &quot; girls &quot; ( as the designer calls his seamstresses ) to create the pearl @-@ encrusted , ivory @-@ coloured silk gown with twelve different types of lace and a train four and a half metres long .
According to journalist Suzy Menkes , the leading authority of the specialist press , that dress represents a high fashion milestone of the late 20th century , &quot; the return of high society clients . &quot;
Dazzled for years with the &quot; savoir @-@ être &quot; of the elite , Valentino is now its finest exponent .
Cavaliere di Gran Croce ( the highest @-@ ranking distinction in Italy ) , Cavaliere del Lavoro , Commandeur de L &apos;Ordre des Arts et des Lettres , and awarded the Legion of Honour , Garavani accumulates as many honours as any of his clients &apos; husbands .
&quot; I &apos;ve always been struck by his refined and calm manner , and his neat and perfect appearance &quot; acknowledges D &apos;Arenberg .
The last time I saw him was a month ago at a gala dinner at the Orsay Museum .
He was on the table of Countess Jacqueline de Ribes , a great friend of mine .
&quot; He was immaculate , time stands still for him . &quot;
If a princess says that ...
The hardest job in the world : the human mules of Kawah Ijen
For four euros , the Indonesian volcano porters risk life and limb carrying 70 kilos of sulphur along steep stone paths .
There are people for whom work is hell , and others who - literally - work in hell .
This is the case of Anto Wijaya , one of the 400 miners who make their living taking sulphur from the Kawah Ijen volcano , east of the Indonesian island of Java .
To do so , he has to descend every day to the bottom of the crater , where the sulphurous gas emanating from the bowels of the earth solidifies on contact with air .
After breaking off large sulphur rocks , which in total can weigh up to 70 kilos , he carries them in two bamboo baskets on his shoulders along the steep stone paths .
It is only 250 metres to the top of the volcano , which rises to 2,386 metres above sea level , but the exhausted porters take over 40 minutes to get there , at snail &apos;s pace , keeping their balance and measuring their steps carefully to avoid slipping and falling over the precipice .
They know that one slip could cost them their lives , as happened to a French tourist who plunged to her death a few years ago on the hazardous Kawah Ijen cliffs .
The Kawah Ijen miners are paid 5 euro cents for each kilo of sulphur removed .
Once at the top , they make their way past the tourists who photograph them like circus monkeys and then , lugging their heavy baskets , they walk three kilometres to the scales installed by a mining company a little further down , 1,850 metres above sea level .
This is PT Ngrimbi Candi , a company which , since 1960 , has been exploiting the volcano , and quite literally its workers , whom it pays 662 rupees ( 5 euro cents ) per kilo of sulphur .
It then sells the sulphur for 10,000 rupees ( 83 cents ) to the petrochemical industry , as the mineral is widely used in everyday life and is used in the manufacture of matches , fireworks , cosmetics , dynamite and even for whitening sugar .
&quot; We generally carry 70 kilos , so we get about 46,000 rupees ( 3.8 euros ) a trip &quot; explains Anto , who usually make three trips a day .
Each one takes three hours and you end up exhausted , but it means he gets 138,000 rupees ( 11.5 euros ) at the end of the day .
Although it seems a pittance for such an inhuman effort , it is three times what he would earn in the field .
&quot; Miners &apos; wages are very high here , whereas coffee harvesting is paid 15,000 rupees ( 1.2 euros ) a day and the average monthly wage is two million rupees ( 167 euros ) &quot; explains the porter , who previously worked as a mason in the island resort of Bali .
There , his wage was 75,000 rupees ( 6.2 euros ) a day and the work was not as hard , but Anto has returned with his family to Banyuwangi , a village near the volcano , for a compelling reason which , in Indonesia , is as overriding as the sulphur : &quot; I married a girl from Bali , where they are Hindu , and I &apos;ve brought her to Java to convert to Islam . &quot;
Anto has asthma , he has difficulty breathing , coughs constantly and his eyes are irritated by the toxic gases .
At 27 years old , Anto has been risking his life for three years in the Kawah Ijen volcano , and the sulphur has already begun to take its toll on him , even though he covers his face with special mask and goggles .
He has asthma , he has difficulty breathing , coughs constantly and his eyes are irritated by the toxic gases from the volcano .
This is the price you have to pay to realise your dreams .
&quot; I &apos;ll go on working two more years because I want to open a shop or study Spanish or French &quot; he vows in more than acceptable English .
Punished for life , this pleasant , intelligent young man could be a tour guide , waiter or hotel receptionist , but instead he does the work of a mule .
Sharing a filthy wooden hut with other porters , he gets up every day at two in the morning because the sulphur doesn &apos;t stop flowing at night , when its characteristic yellow colour turns blue and it glows in the dark .
Defying the shadows , Anto descends the crater and lights the path with a small torch attached to the helmet he bought with his money .
Some 400 porters carry sulphur baskets on their shoulders from the crater .
Despite their huge profits , the mining company has not mechanised the sulphur extraction process to save costs , nor has it provided any equipment for the porters , who work for themselves and by the kilo .
In fact , they do not even see any of the 30,000 rupee ( 2.5 euro ) per camera surcharge that , on top of the 15,000 rupee ( 1.2 euro ) entrance fee , the guards of this natural reserve charge to tourists who come to photograph the volcano and their human mules .
&quot; This work is for animals , not people &quot; protests Madrusin , a burly 42 @-@ year porter who has been working at Kawah Ijen for three decades , since leaving school .
He can lift up to 110 kilos , ensuring that he will go on working &quot; all he can &quot; because he needs the money to educate his three children , aged between 18 &#91; months ? &#93; and 10 years old .
I won &apos;t retire , I &apos;ll die here because the volcano has been my whole life .
Although the sulphur burns your throat and stings your eyes when the wind suddenly changes and traps the miners in the thick columns of smoke coming out of the volcano , they are so hardy that no @-@ one complains of serious illnesses ... apart , of course , from their common respiratory problems , osteoarthritis , knee pain and sores on the shoulders , which have been misshapen by the weight of the baskets .
Balancing the basket on his back , Unainik can only carry 50 kilos now he is 53 years old .
Every day , he and his fellow workers break off 15 tonnes of sulphur from the volcano , which three lorries move to the warehouse in Tamansari , 18 kilometres away along a goat path that passes through scrubland .
&quot; I won &apos;t retire , I &apos;ll die here because the volcano has been my whole life &quot; says Unainik , opening a mouth full of gaps where teeth use to be .
The oldest of his five children , 30 years old , also works carrying sulphur .
Time passes , but poverty perpetuates from generation to generation in one of the hardest jobs in the world : the one done by human mules in the Kawah Ijen volcano .
Singapore seeks babies to save its economy
Singaporeans blame their careers , stress and the cost of property and education for not having children .
&quot; Singapore &apos;s population needs to grow . &quot;
I &apos;m a patriotic husband , you &apos;re my patriotic wife , let &apos;s do our civic duty and create life !
It may seem unlikely that these verses are part of an advert for mint sweets , but in spite of this - or perhaps because of it - the video went viral on YouTube in Singapore earlier this year .
The phrases are part of a rap and make use of local references such as &quot; Let &apos;s put a bao ( bun ) in the oven &quot; to make fun of the birth rate in Singapore .
The advertising company that made the video , BBH , is hopeful that the advertisement will manage to focus attention to the problem in a fun way .
Its creative director , Douglas Hamilton , says he wanted to use the power of music to make people perform their &quot; national duty . &quot;
It &apos;s purely an Internet thing , so we had to make it fun and amusing .
It &apos;s the biggest problem facing this country .
We are the world &apos;s worst at reproducing our own progeny , so we felt it was an issue we had to address .
We knew the Government had tried many things , like launching perfumes with pheromones or organising speed dating evenings .
Many of these ideas may have been creative , but they didn &apos;t necessarily work .
So we thought : why not be as creative as possible to solve the problem , by composing a rap ?
1.2 children
But the Singapore Government is not taking it so lightly .
It spends USD 1,300 per year on policies to encourage people to have more children .
A government package for marriages and parents grants up to USD 15,000 per child , extends maternity leave and distributes tax benefits .
But this has all had little effect .
Singapore is a rich , high technology city State in Southeast Asia , also known for the conservatism of its leaders and its strict social controls .
The birth rate in Singapore , according to its national population division , currently stands at 1.2 children per woman .
The last time it was over 2 , known as the replacement rate , was in 1976 .
So why are Singaporeans not having children ?
Tan Wei Ming , Director of Marriage and Family Policy of the National Population Division , said that it is a result of &quot; better education &quot; and &quot; a wider range of career opportunities . &quot;
&quot; This has given people a wider range of options in terms of life goals and priorities , beyond getting married and starting a family &quot; he explains .
These changes in social norms have contributed to increasing numbers of people who are single , and delaying marriage and births , which has resulted in a decrease in the birth rate in Singapore .
Meanwhile , an EU immigration policy aimed at dramatically increasing immigration to cope with the population decline has created resentment among the local population .
In Singapore , there are websites where xenophobia against many new immigrants is widespread and thinly disguised , especially the Chinese who are criticised for keeping wages low and not integrating .
Increased immigration is also seen as one of the reasons why , last year , the Singapore ruling party experienced its worst election result since independence .
Since the election there has been an attempt to correct the problem , with the highest taxes and levies for foreign workers .
Unexpected consequences
While a fall in the birth rate has known effects on a nation &apos;s economic growth , tax revenues , healthcare costs and immigration policies , in Singapore &apos;s case there are also some unexpected consequences .
The Government is trying not to build so many small houses .
For example , it has started to influence the real estate sector .
Its urban development authority has started to control the number of small apartments , known as &quot; shoe boxes , &quot; which can be built in certain areas of the city .
These apartments have a surface of 46 square metres and have been very successful in terms of sales .
However , there is concern that they may promote a single @-@ living lifestyle and discourage developers who want to build large family houses .
But , Lim Yew Soon , managing director of the real estate company EL Developers , says his &quot; shoe boxes &quot; sell much faster than larger units .
They are more popular , in the sense that the units sell days , even weeks , faster than larger units .
This means they are much better for our cash flow .
However , he admits that the new regulations give clearer guidance to developers , who previously had obstacles put in their way if they provided for too many small units in a project .
Too stressed
Singapore is a city State .
Although these new rules may be a step towards increasing the national birth rate , when talking to Singaporeans working in the central financial district , it seems they will not have much impact .
&quot; People are very stressed , houses are expensive and so is education , so a lot of people are putting off having a family &quot; says a young executive .
Other people can have children .
&quot; But , for me , it is important to have my own money and time &quot; says another young man of around 20 years old .
Men and women alike mention their careers , stress and the cost of property and education as the reasons preventing them from having children .
So , much as the Government is trying to encourage its citizens to have children , when it comes to babies , the Singaporeans have the last word .
What is private offline is private online
Privacy .
According to the Spanish Royal Academy Dictionary , it means the quality of private life or &quot; the level of privacy which a person is entitled to protect from any interference . &quot;
What is privacy for an under 16 ?
How do you apply this definition to their daily life and social networks ?
Do they understand the dangers they are exposed to by airing information over the Internet which they probably would not share offline ?
ElPeriódico interviewed five children aged between ten and 15 years old who are frequent Internet users .
In four cases , they associated the term with &quot; something very much mine &quot; on a personal level , and &quot; in the user name and password &quot; when applied to social networks .
&quot; I wouldn &apos;t upload my deepest secrets in a post &quot; says Jorge , aged ten , when trying to explain the meaning of privacy on sites such as Facebook , Twitter , Hotmail and Windows Live Messenger , with which he has had accounts for two years .
&quot; They are very secret secrets , I &apos;ll tell my mother , but not everybody &quot; he says .
On FB I upload nice pictures or games .
And I have fun with people I know .
&quot; I wouldn &apos;t share a photo that isn &apos;t mine , or that belongs to somebody who &apos;s doing something stupid &quot; he says .
The child recognises that it is bad to post obscene pictures of naked people , crimes , or write humiliating or aggressive comments .
Jorge says he knows the 35 friends he has on FB and his nine followers on Twitter .
Most are relatives .
His mother is included , and she has the password to one of the accounts .
I opened Twitter to express myself and post interesting tweets .
&quot; I don &apos;t know if they answer me , I only upload them &quot; he adds .
&quot; Social networking is fun , I can talk quickly to relatives far away or my friends &quot; he says .
He does not hesitate to reply that he would never accept a request from an unknown person .
Nor would he take any notice of someone who recommends a stranger to him .
The case of Joseph , aged 14 , is different .
This teenager has accounts with Hotmail , Facebook , My Space and Ask , and in the last case he admits not knowing 20 of the people added to his friends list .
&quot; It doesn &apos;t bother me , because we have something in common , like music &quot; he says .
The boy says that no @-@ one has suggested anything to him or asked him for his home address or phone number .
&quot; If they pressured me or asked me for it , I &apos;d just delete them from my account &quot; he states .
Joseph became a follower on Ask , after reading a recommendation on Twitter .
This teenager is not alien to experiences of what is now known as cyberbullying .
An acquaintance of a friend of mine was being pestered on a social network .
They were threatening him and demanding money from him .
&quot; I never found out who it was &quot; he says .
The victim , according to José , did not close his account .
&quot; He just made it private . &quot;
He then explains a series of steps to configure the account safely .
Unlike Jorge , this boy would upload photos of acquaintances in uncomfortable or embarrassing situations .
I would do it if I didn &apos;t like somebody , or they made me want to do it .
&quot; However , I know that &apos;s cyberbullying &quot; he admits .
Key questions
Marielos Porras , an English teacher with a degree in Education and Learning , believes that to guide children and teenagers , they should understand that the purpose of social media is to inform .
&quot; The Internet emerged as a means of searching for information , but with the appearance of these websites , the rules of the game changed &quot; he says .
Porras says the scholar Marc Prensky , with a Master &apos;s degree in Education from Yale University and author of the work Digital Natives , Digital Immigrants , coined these terms to explain the phenomenon .
Digital natives are those children and young people born with technology .
&quot; We are the digital immigrants who have to teach them , when we are still in fact learning &quot; he says .
He says that the issue is complex , &quot; because we are asking them to have a clear policy on what is appropriate or not to disclose , publish or divulge , at an age at which maturity is not conducive to this . &quot;
&quot; They also have to be selective when what matters most is to be popular and have thousands of friends , without thinking of the consequences &quot; he adds .
According to the specialist , the most effective way to teach children and teenagers what privacy is , is through questions that make them think .
&quot; Telling them not to do it is no good &quot; he adds .
Porras then lists some options : There are things you wouldn &apos;t tell a stranger , so why do it online ?
Or , would you like a friend to publish a photo of you like the one you posted of a friend ?
Do you know what others publish about you ?
When tagging party photos , did you ask the other people &apos;s permission to tag them ?
And one more question : does everyone need to know what you &apos;re doing all the time ?
Another point is to make them see that they must behave online as they do offline .
The rules are the same .
&quot; Outside the Internet , people act with respect , morality and other principles , so they should act the same way on social networks &quot; he says .
Monitoring
Stuart Guard , a university professor , primary school teacher and educational consultant , says it is essential for parents to read social networks &apos; policies thoroughly .
By understanding all the clauses , they have solid grounds to talk to their children about the implications of opening an online account .
&quot; For example , the age at which you are allowed to share or publish &quot; he says .
According to Guardia , it is important to remind children the &quot; don &apos;t talk to strangers &quot; lesson .
Unasur Summit closes without making public the Lima Declaration
The Sixth Presidential Summit of the South American Union of Nations ( Unasur ) concluded today in Peru without making public the Lima Declaration , previously announced and theoretically signed by the seven attendee leaders .
Efe repeatedly tried to gain access to the document signed at the Sixth UNASUR Meeting of Heads of State and Government , but Presidential and Chancellery sources initially said they would deliver it after the summit closed , but later they claimed that it will be published at some point on the Peruvian Government website .
When asked about the text , they pointed out that the content had been disclosed by Peruvian President , Ollanta Humala , during a brief statement to the press .
Journalists &apos; access to information from the Summit was restricted at all times .
During the summit , in the press room , only video was aired , with no sound , showing the presidential meeting with the message &quot; closed session , audio restricted . &quot;
The little information that circulated among reporters was given by the press spokesmen of some of the UNASUR governments attending the meeting , but not the Peruvian Government .
The only document released during the summit was the list of attending presidents , which angered hundreds of journalists from various national and international media , who asked for more details .
The Peruvian President then sent an email to the media with the &quot; final statement &quot; of the summit , but this was Humala &apos;s statement , and not the official document that closed the summit .
Last October , Peru hosted the Third Summit of South American @-@ Arab Countries ( ASPA ) , and this time , despite repeated requests from the press , the previously announced Lima Declaration was again not made public .
The ASPA official website confirms that the document was published last Tuesday .
At both international events , the Peruvian authorities were at pains to ensure that there were broadcasting systems assured for all the journalists , but limited the obtaining of information to a maximum .
The summit also concluded with the joint commitment of Chile and Peru to accept a ruling by the Hague Court to adjudicate a border dispute between the two countries .
The Presidents of Peru , Ollanta Humala , and Chile , Sebastián Piñera , met during the regional event and confirmed that they will respect the decision of the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) , which on Monday , at The Hague , will start to hear the arguments of both parties , in the lawsuit Lima has filed against Santiago .
&quot; We will obey and execute the order that currently defines the differences we are bringing before this international court &quot; said Humala , together with his Chilean counterpart .
&quot; Chile has been , is and will remain a country that respects international law and the peaceful resolution of disputes , treaties and international courts &quot; added Piñera , greeting Humala with a handshake , alongside the flags of the two countries .
Confirmation of both presidents that they would submit to the ICJ came after Colombia this week denounced the Bogotá Pact , whereby it accepted to submit to the judgement of this international court , following a decision on its maritime boundary with Nicaragua which it regarded as seriously flawed .
The summit was held with the absence of the Presidents of Brazil , Dilma Rousseff ; Venezuela , Hugo Chavez ; Bolivia , Evo Morales ; and Argentina , Cristina Kirchner .
Paraguay , which was suspended by UNASUR in 2011 after the dismissal of former President Fernando Lugo , was not involved in the meeting .
Host President Ollanta Humala was responsible for opening the session in the morning and closing the summit , just after noon in Lima .
The President read the final document which reported that 16 agreements were adopted and the action plans laid down for 31 projects between the South American countries , for a total of 17 billion dollars of investments .
Among the resolutions adopted , it was mentioned that UNASUR countries will take &quot; important steps toward the goal of a South American citizenship , for which residence agreements are being extended . &quot;
He reported that actions are being implemented to improve &quot; cooperation in the fight against insecurity and transnational organised crime , actions to make medication more accessible , low @-@ cost Internet access in all areas of South America , and to deal jointly and efficiently with risks of natural disasters . &quot;
With Europe in crisis , &quot; economic consolidation ( in Latin America ) should not have a triumphalist attitude but should serve to expand its productive matrix and glimpse a better future for its people &quot; Humala added .
&quot; We decided to focus on a group of 31 flagship projects that will improve connection among areas of South America , especially in rural and border areas ... uniting our countries and creating new economic networks &quot; said the Peruvian President in a message read out .
Among these projects , he mentioned that five are in Peru and are located in the transverse axes of its territory , between the coast and Brazil , and two focus on increased connection with Ecuador , although he gave no further details .
Also , the final document mentioned the political situation in Paraguay .
&quot; We hope the electoral process in that country serves to reincorporate it in the Union of South American Nations , &quot; from which it is currently excluded .
The need for Latin America to remain a prosperous , peaceful and integrated nation , with good neighbourly relations , was another issue highlighted by the summit .
In this sense , the President of Colombia , Juan Manuel Santos , said before attending the start of the regional event that he expected to meet with his counterpart from Nicaragua , Daniel Ortega , on Saturday in Mexico , to respectfully discuss the maritime dispute after the failure of the ICJ , questioned by Bogota .
&quot; The day after tomorrow ( Saturday ) I might have a meeting with President Daniel Ortega &quot; Santos said .
&quot; We will review all these paths , &#91; which &#93; are not exclusive , and the treaty with Nicaragua will require a conversation with Nicaragua &quot; he emphasised .
&quot; With President Ortega , I hope I can say that we handle this in the most civilised and respectful manner possible &quot; said Santos .
Santos and Ortega are due to meet on Saturday in Mexico , where they expect to attend the inauguration of the country &apos;s new President , Enrique Peña Nieto .
Also , as part of the summit , the bloc &apos;s foreign defence ministers met in advance to approve the 2013 Action Plan , which seeks to strengthen dialogue and consensus on defence in the region .
Argentina , Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , Brazil , Uruguay , Venezuela , Chile , Guyana , Surinam and Paraguay make up UNASUR , although the latter is currently suspended .
Peru has the pro tempore presidency of the regional bloc .
&quot; South America should learn from Europe to integrate citizenship &quot; says Rafael Correa
The President of Ecuador , Rafael Correa , said today that the creation of a common citizenship is a goal that &quot; South America , in this case , must learn from Europe . &quot;
Correa , who took part in the Eleventh Presidential Summit of the Union of South American Nations ( UNASUR ) held in Lima , told Peru &apos;s state television that Europeans &quot; killed one another in the Second World War &quot; and other conflicts , &quot; but are now practically one country . &quot;
To this end , he defended the project to establish South American citizenship encouraged by member countries of UNASUR .
&quot; We have to achieve the free movement of citizens and workers for any South American country , as is already the situation with members of the Andean Community . However , there are still reactionary sectors that want us to return to the past &quot; he said .
The Ecuadorian President was also in favour of the restructuring of the Organisation of American States ( OAS ) under the premise of reducing the influence of the Anglo @-@ Saxon states and taking into account those who have signed the Pact of San José on human rights .
Those who speak with authority never commit to anything , whereas we South Americans sign everything .
&quot; It is incomprehensible that the Inter @-@ American Commission on Human Rights is in Washington under US funding &quot; he said referring to Ecuador giving political asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange .
Correa said he does not regret that decision because with it he has not betrayed his principles , but has respected his &quot; deep democratic and human rights values . &quot;
He added that , at the time , &quot; he had reasonable suspicion that Assange would be extradited to another country and that his case would not be respected . &quot;
Additionally , he criticised the Swedish courts for demanding that he be subject to questioning for an alleged sexual offence in his country , when &quot; Swedish legislation itself dictates that he can be questioned via videoconference , which could be done from the Ecuadorian Embassy in London . &quot;
Correa said that there is a risk of deterioration of Assange &apos;s physical and mental health .
&quot; I have not spoken to him since he was at our embassy , but the ambassador informed me that he had a minor lung problem , nothing serious &quot; said the Ecuadorian President .
What there is , is the danger that his physical and mental health may deteriorate due to being locked in a small space without any outdoor exercise .
&quot; That would complicate the health of any person &quot; he added .
Correa said that the solution to the asylum granted to Assange in June by the Ecuadorian Embassy , in London , through the issue of a safe @-@ conduct pass that permits travel to Ecuador , is in the hands of Great Britain , Sweden and the European legal authorities , and stressed that there have been talks with London to seek a solution to the imprisonment of the WikiLeaks founder .
We do not negotiate with human rights , we do not use that word in this case , but there have been ongoing discussions .
&quot; The solution to this problem is in the hands of Great Britain , Sweden and the European legal authorities , because Assange &apos;s lawyer , Baltazar Garzon , is handling a series of cases in different European courts &quot; he said .
And he felt that &quot; if Britain says no to the safe @-@ conduct pass , it &apos;s over . &quot;
And if Sweden , as its legislation perfectly well allows it to do , and as it has done in other cases , questions Mr Assange at the Embassy of Ecuador in London , or interrogates him via Skype tomorrow , this problem is over .
Correa took the opportunity to reassert himself as a defender of freedom of the press and stated that what he does not tolerate is &quot; the mediocrity , dishonesty and lies that undermine the freedom of expression . &quot;
&quot; The greatest enemies of the press freedom are not evil and wicked politicians , but bad journalists depending on profit , blackmail and extortion &quot; he said .
In that regard , he welcomed the fact that it was no longer these journalists , &quot; or the bankers or bourgeois and hegemonic countries that dominate Ecuador &quot; and said that , if re @-@ elected , he will &quot; step up the revolution to continue on the same path and in the right direction . &quot;
Correa also supported the decision to maintain the veto on Paraguay in UNASUR , at least until their next elections , arguing that the body &quot; must be firm and not tolerate opportunism and a coup masked with legality &quot; because this will in fact &quot; destroy the legitimacy of Paraguayan democracy . &quot;
The Ecuadorian President also considered the &quot; perfectly pertinent &quot; desire of his Colombian counterpart , Juan Manuel Santos , to now negotiate with Nicaragua the maritime boundary between the two countries , after the ruling of the International Court of Justice in The Hague , in favour Nicaraguan maritime sovereignty .
For now that ruling is not being followed .
It is a problem between a South American country and a Central American one .
Conflict is inevitable , but must be overcome by the desire to walk together .
They need to be processed in a comprehensive manner to overcome them and move forward .
Additionally , he trusted in a sound conclusion to the maritime boundary dispute opposing Peru and Chile in the same court and said that &quot; it is right for Latin America to refer to international courts if both countries agree to accept losing , however hard it may be . &quot;
With reference to the possibility of his standing as a candidate in the upcoming presidential elections in Ecuador seeking a third consecutive term , he said he sees that possibility &quot; with much optimism and joy , although at times it is pretty hard . &quot;
Correa said that if he loses the elections in February 2013 , he will retire from public life .
Personally , I &apos;ve never been interested in power , but in situations as unjust as those in Ecuador , socio @-@ economic poverty can only be corrected by political power .
&quot; My political movement believed that it was me who ensured that probable victory , so we have to accept that responsibility &quot; he said .
If I won , it would be my last period in office and then I would leave public life .
If I lose , likewise .
&quot; It &apos;s a decision &quot; he confirmed .
Correa also referred to Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez &apos;s new health treatment in Cuba .
I just spoke with Venezuelan Vice President Nicolás Maduro and he tells me that Chavez went for treatment that was already planned , routine treatment , and it was expected he would win the campaign and return to Cuba .
&quot; This does not mean a health relapse for President Chavez &quot; he said .
In Lima today , the Ecuadorian Head of State attended the Sixth Summit of Heads of State and Government of the Union of South American Nations ( UNASUR ) , which concluded with calls for greater regional integration to sustain progress , equality and security .
Deaths caused by AIDS are nowadays due to late detection
Fabrizio was 21 years old when they confirmed his test result : HIV positive .
&quot; It was like a bomb dropped on me &quot; he says , recalling the time of the announcement , which the doctor was trying to make &quot; softer , &quot; apparently unsuccessfully .
The boy hid it from his family .
He decided to care for his illness alone and began to learn about it ; thanks to his efforts he has just celebrated his 43rd birthday .
He is undoubtedly one of the oldest patients in the HIV Unit of the Guadalajara Civil Hospital ( CHG ) , where he arrived in 1994 after several battles with his health .
Fabrizio has lived with the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) for 22 years , hard to imagine in the early &apos; 90s , when there were many questions , few treatment options and a great deal of stigma .
Then , even the director of an IMSS &#91; Mexican Social Security Institute &#93; clinic refused to discharge him &quot; because he had a cut . &quot;
At that time , having Aids was synonymous with death .
Now it is possible to survive the syndrome and do so with quality of life .
However , many people are still unaware of their illness , and only seek help when the virus has already caused havoc , &quot; exhausted &quot; their immune systems and they are suffering from opportunistic infections .
31 years after of the onset of AIDS around the world , at least since the first reported cases , &quot; the great achievement at this time is that the life expectancy of patients starting treatment in good time and the life expectancy of the general population is exactly equal &quot; stated the head of the CHG HIV Unit , Jaime Andrade Villanueva , saying that this information was endorsed in April this year in a prestigious scientific journal .
Infectious disease specialist and expert in HIV / AIDS , Andrade Villanueva said that since 2008 scientists had concluded that AIDS was not a death sentence , but that life expectancy and quality of life depend on the degree of damage to the immune system that patients present when they are diagnosed , with a higher life expectancy for non @-@ drug users : up to 30 years for patients with a 200 CD4 count and 50 years for those reporting a 500 CD4 count .
In simple terms , this means that anyone diagnosed HIV positive at 25 years old , under these terms and &quot; as long as they keep it under control , can live with no problems to 75 &quot; said the interviewee .
To gauge this progress , it should be remembered that the average life expectancy of Mexicans today is 76 years .
Although mortality has dropped significantly in recent years and , in the case of Mexico , the number of people dying of AIDS has fallen from 6,678 in 2007 to 4,862 in 2011 ( UNAIDS annual report ) , it is also true that since the advent of AIDS , 60 per cent of patients in the national database have died .
In Jalisco alone , only 255 people died in 2011 , and there have been 187 deaths up to May of this year ; however , we are assured that there has been universal access to antiretroviral drugs since 2005 .
- Why are do still deaths occur ?
- I think the problem is not to do with access to treatment .
That &apos;s how I view it , and that &apos;s how it &apos;s been at our hospital .
For at least the last 12 years we &apos;ve had no shortage of medicine , the problem is that patients arrive in an advanced state of illness because they are unaware of their HIV status , that is to say , the later stages of the disease .
He gave a compelling statistic : &quot; Nine out of ten patients arrive when they already have an opportunistic infection , so what needs to be done to have a greater impact on overall mortality is to make earlier diagnoses and , therefore , offer mass detection tests for everyone who needs them . &quot;
Specialists and officials of the State Council of AIDS Prevention in Jalisco ( COESIDA ) agree on this proposal , as do the patients themselves , such as Fabrizio , who came to be tested at a private laboratory , motivated only because a friend had done so and , despite his young age , he was around in the AIDS era and had even suffered Kaposi sarcoma , a cancerous tumour that is one of the common complications .
Everything changes when you know you have AIDS .
Some people think they &apos;re going to die and don &apos;t want to know anything .
&quot; If I &apos;m going to die , I &apos;d rather have a blow @-@ out three times a week &quot; they say , but not in my case .
The change was for the better ; I eat well , I exercise , I take my drugs .
To date , his parents are only aware he had cancer .
I live as normal a life as anyone else .
&quot; I work , I take part in a lot of activities , I travel , I have an active but responsible sex life , I take care of myself and the other person &quot; said Fabrizio , who agreed to share his intimate secrets with MILENIO JALISCO , to motivate those people with his story who today , in the context of World AIDS Day , are afraid .
They should get tested if they are at risk. because the sooner they know if they are HIV positive , the better , and if they have already been diagnosed , they must learn to live like any other person , while being responsible .
This is his message , which summarises the theme of the fight against AIDS in 2012 .
Condoms behind the counter .
The gaps between health programmes and ordinary citizens are huge , said Ricardo Salazar , a journalist from Guadalajara who has taken up the HIV cause .
And the greatest cure is prevention .
In places dedicated to this task &quot; the distribution of condoms has actually increased ; previously , they used to give us one or two , now they give us packets of a hundred , and that &apos;s fine , but it turns out there are still people out there who have no access condoms &quot; he said .
Among the most vulnerable to new infections are teenagers .
&quot; Why do you want them ? &quot; is a common question , asked with sarcasm and judged according to the values of social workers , counsellors , pharmacy workers and healthcare staff who do not want to expose teenagers to sex , said the speaker .
It was decided to change such inefficient allocation , and that condoms should not only be placed behind counters , but that packets of one hundred should be found in public toilet dispensers in places frequented by young people .
This is not promoting promiscuity .
It is not about paying for their beers or motel fees , as Governor Emilio Gonzalez said , when asked if there would be distribution of condoms during his administration .
&quot; And it &apos;s not about sexuality , but it is best to provide condoms to those already practising sexual activity &quot; he said .
Jalisco key points
There are 13,435 cumulative cases ( 12,158 AIDS and 1,317 HIV ) .
The state is 4th in the nation in new and cumulative cases of AIDS and 13th in HIV .
92 % of new infections are through sex , 6 % via the bloodstream and 2 % perinatal .
An estimated 50,000 people may be living with HIV , as for each registered case there are around 4 @-@ 5 people who do not know they are positive .
Ratified by a United States court of appeal , a judgement which ignores the restructuring of the Vitro Group &apos;s debt achieved via a bankruptcy in Mexico , the scenario is an ominous precedent for any national company with offices in the neighbouring country that has solvency problems .
It seems , then , that the proceedings in support of survival of firms permit Mexican law are not valid in the land of stars and stripes , contrary to international conventions .
In practical terms , the endorsement of the judgement delivered on 15 June by Judge Harlin Hale of the Bankruptcy Court of the Northern District of Texas , leaves Mexican firms defenceless against possible seizure of their property outside of Mexico .
However , the decision opens the door for the leading glass manufacturer in Mexico to appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States , claiming three inconsistencies .
From the start , while the trial judge notes that creditors should be governed by the United States Bankruptcy Code , the Court of Appeal for the Fifth Circuit , based in New Orleans , states that the main action is the insolvency action handled in Mexico .
The first point would involve ignoring international procedural cooperation in cases of insolvency of companies with transnational profiles .
Indeed , the UN Model Law for International Trade Law Uniformity was created for this purpose , with the American Law Institute positioned as arbitrator .
Secondly , the judgement establishes that without the intercompany vote , with the debts the Vitro subsidiaries had with their parent company recognised in the critical mass of the insolvency , the majority needed to approve the restructuring might not be achieved .
However , Mexican law recognises the possibility .
In fact , the Vitro case was not the first one in which the scheme was accepted .
There are half a dozen examples , including Agremex and Commercial Mexicana , whose intercompany debts were endorsed by the Federal Bankruptcy Institute .
What is also certain is that , not including the votes of subsidiaries , the Vitro creditors who fought against it in the US courts , namely &quot; vulture &quot; funds such as Aurelios Capital , Aurelios Convergence , Elliot International and Liverpool Limited , did not achieve a majority .
The vote was apparently 45 percent versus 37 .
This data is omitted by the Court of Appeal .
From another perspective , the latter blames Vitro for the difficult situation it has faced since 2008 , while trying to avoid the severe economic crisis faced by the United States , turning its back on the country .
For now , the Gonzalez Sada family firm has lodged a motion for reconsideration before the Court of Appeal for the vote to reach the plenary of the court , that is , the five judges , given that only three voted previously .
Should this fail , an appeal for review by a higher court , in this case the US Supreme Court , will be filed .
The real problem is that the court bypassed a document sent by the Government of Mexico in the capacity of amicus curiae ( &quot; friend of the Court &quot; ) , which details the procedure followed by Vitro under the framework of the Commercial Insolvency Law , noting that the latter discharged itself with adherence to the agreements signed by the two countries to link it with Chapter 15 of the Bankruptcy Act of the United States .
Moreover , it should be noted that the country yielded to the principles of the United Nations Commission on International Trade , that is the rules set for cross @-@ border insolvency cases , ensuring fairness for debtors and creditors .
Double whammy : Vitro hit and country hit .
Balance Sheet
With the complaints put on the table by the unions of Mexicana Airlines against the former owner of the company , Gastón Azcárraga Andrade , who is accused of mismanagement , dormant for several months , the Airline Pilots Union Association already found the bottleneck .
The proceedings headed by Carlos Diaz Chavez Morineau has just filed a criminal complaint against the National Banking and Securities Commission , which is accused of obstructing justice .
The claim is that the supervisory authority has consistently refused to provide reports to the Attorney General &apos;s Office on a transaction carried out by the employer to remove 198 million pesos from trust F / 589 of Banco IXE , on behalf of Mexicana de Aviación .
The resources were apparently channelled towards the purchase of shares in the company Administradora Profesional de Hoteles .
As you know , Azcarraga Andrade is the main shareholder of the Posadas hotel chain .
Opposing Dragon Mart
A group of local and foreign environmentalists , academics , businessmen and members of the public gathered at the weekend at a forum at the University of the Caribbean to approve the creation of a broad front to oppose the opening of the Chinese Dragon Mart in Cancun .
As you know , we are talking about a huge sales and distribution centre in Mexico , Central America and the Caribbean , selling Chinese products , with a residential area at the bottom for employees of 150 companies .
Previously , Canacintra had managed to unite the governors of the southeast of Mexico to oppose the monumental building that destroyed part of a protected area and represents the mother of all threats to industry .
The death of ACTA
The Government ignored an order of the Senate to explain under what terms and conditions the Mexican Ambassador in Japan signed the Anti @-@ Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , known by its acronym ACTA , according to the Mexican Institute of Industrial Property , and the matter has already been archived .
As you know , the action was taken even though the Senate had ruled out the possibility , deeming it an infringement of freedom of expression on social networks .
Homex long term
In effort to repay long @-@ term debt without affecting short @-@ term debt , the housing developer Homex is placing securities exchange certificates on the market for 500 million pesos .
The issue is the first of four identical issues which are offering to repay interest every 28 days .
Birth of Competival
A consortium under the name Competival has just been established , comprising the companies NYCE , e @-@ Quality and Kernet , leaders in information technology , the objective of which will be to market the services of software clusters in Central and South America .
Investments in this area exceed USD 1.5 billion .
Hector &quot; Hetin &quot; Reyes : &quot; Basketball has been my life &quot;
Basketball globetrotter Hector &quot; Hetin &quot; Reyes was involved in the sport for over 60 years and , thanks to it , travelled the world .
Few people in Puerto Rico have a mental recollection of local basketball history as broad as that of Héctor &quot; Hetin &quot; Reyes .
Reyes was immersed in the sport for over 60 years before being confined to a wheelchair in 2008 following a stroke ; he was a minor league player , National Superior Basketball player , BSN representative and manager with the Bayamón Vaqueros or President of the Basketball Federation .
&quot; I wore lots of hats in basketball throughout my life , including several at the same time , like when I was president of the BSN , general manager and federative president of the National Team during the &apos; 90s , &quot; recalled Reyes during Primera Hora &apos;s visit to his home in Bayamón , where he lives with Isabel , his loyal wife for over 50 years .
&quot; Basketball has been my life . &quot;
Reyes is not exaggerating when he makes that statement .
The walls of his house are almost totally decorated with pictures and memorabilia denoting his long career , which goes to prove it .
Bayamón at heart
Of them all , the ones he treasures with the most emotion are the ones that remind him of his time spent with the Vaqueros , from the mid @-@ 50s as a player until 1982 , when he completed 15 years serving as co @-@ agent or agent of the franchise .
&quot; Those were my best years , the ones I enjoyed the most because I had the opportunity to be part of the Vaqueros &apos; eight championships , since 1967 , either as agent , co @-@ agent or manager .
There were many good years , including the five consecutive championships from 1971 to 1975 .
And then I said goodbye with one in 1981 , Jerome Mincy &apos;s debut year in the BSN .
Then &quot; Cuco &quot; Ortiz took over - he was a great manager &quot; said Reyes .
I remember that Gene Bartow , who had directed here and was at the University of Alabama ( Birmingham ) , said to me &apos; I &apos;ve got a very strong player for you , 6 &apos; 7 &quot; tall .
Do you want him ? &apos;
And that was the beginning of Mincy , one of the best players Puerto Rico ever had .
Bartow then recommended the sharpshooter Gausse Raymond , who established residency here and was one of our best shooters .
I remember him saying that if Mincy had given Bayamon one championship , Gausse would help get another .
The Vaqueros &apos; championship with Gausse was enjoyed , but from a distance , because in 1988 he was already becoming a federative bigshot .
For that time , he preferred to enjoy his own and Mincy &apos;s accomplishments in the national team .
I remember when we beat the United States for the first time during the 1989 Pre @-@ Olympics in Mexico .
Then came the 1990 World Cup , where we came fourth and it should have been bronze , but for the Canadian referee who made us repeat the final play for the second time , said Reyes .
Is the 1990 World National Team the best you &apos;ve ever seen ?
It &apos;s one of the best , as good as the one that beat the Dream Team in the 2004 Olympics .
However , my favourite was the one in the 1991 Pan American Games in Cuba , when we won gold and gave the US team a beating , which was quite similar to the time we won bronze at the World Cup .
That team not only again included Mincy , Gausse , Ramon Rivas , Fico López and &apos; Piculín &apos; ( Ortiz ) , but also the young ( Javier ) &apos; Toñito &apos; Colón and James Carter , the Leon brothers ( Francisco and Edgar ) and Mario &apos; Quijote &apos; Morales , who was kept out of the 90 team by a knee injury .
A team that maybe was not the best in terms of members , but which gave us a gold medal and was a great joy to work with , was the 1995 Pre @-@ Olympic team in Neuquen , Argentina .
With role players such as &apos; Canito &apos; Nieves , Pablo Alicea and the young Rolando Hourruitiner replacing the players suspended after the shambles of the Mar del Plata Pan @-@ American Games , we won gold against all the odds .
Who was the best Puerto Rican player ?
Without any doubt , Piculín Ortiz .
His numbers at international tournament level are awesome .
Nobody in Puerto Rico has dominated at that level like Piculín did .
Not to mention his career in the various leagues he played in .
Who was the best Puerto Rican manager ?
That &apos;s a difficult one .
We had a very good team , including Julio Toro , Flor Melendez , Carlos Morales , Raymond Dalmau , Armandito Torres .
Of the youngsters , I really like the work of Leo Arill .
What do you consider your greatest achievement in the federation ?
Having been part of the National Team &apos;s most glorious era between 1988 and 1995 and in the early 90s the BSN had up to 17 teams in a season .
What was there left for you to do ?
There were things I &apos;d have liked to implement , such as regionalising the minor leagues .
For example , the boys of Ponce only play in their area and only get to face teams from other parts of the island in the national playoffs .
Right now the kids are riding and playing too much , unnecessarily .
At least I see the fruit of compulsory certifications and a course for leaders , table officials and referees .
That pleases me .
What are you doing now ?
The most I do is listen to music , watch music videos from my era on YouTube , enjoy my grandchildren and occasionally go to basketball games .
And of course , enjoy the company of my wife , Elizabeth , who has always been with me .
Actor Larry Hagman dies
Larry Hagman , born on 21 September 1931 in Fort Worth ( Texas ) , became world famous for his role as John Ross Ewing , better known as &quot; JR , &quot; in the television series &quot; Dallas , &quot; in which he played a ruthless , malicious and manipulative businessman .
Larry Hagman , whose role as oil tycoon predator JR Ewing in the television series &quot; Dallas &quot; became a symbol of greed in the 1980s , has died .
He was 81 .
Hagman , who returned this year as JR in a new season of &quot; Dallas , &quot; died on Friday afternoon of cancer complications , according to a family statement provided to the Associated Press by the Warner Bros. , producer of &quot; Dallas . &quot;
&quot; Larry was back in his beloved hometown of Dallas , once again representing the iconic role he most liked &quot; the family said .
Larry &apos;s family and closest friends were with him in Dallas for the Thanksgiving Day holiday .
Linda Gray , who played his wife in the original series and the sequel , was with Hagman when he died in a hospital in Dallas , said her publicist , Jeffrey Lane .
He brought joy to all who knew him .
He was creative , generous , funny , loving and talented , and I will miss him dearly .
&quot; He was an original guy and lived life to the full &quot; said Gray in a statement .
Hagman was diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver in 1992 and admitted that he had drunk a lot over the years .
In 1995 a malignant tumour as found in his liver and he underwent a transplant .
Years before &quot; Dallas , &quot; Hagman became famous on television as a decent guy in the light comedy &quot; I Dream of Jeannie , &quot; aired on NBC from 1965 to 1970 .
He played Captain Tony Nelson , an astronaut whose life is changed when he meets an attractive genie , played by Barbara Eden , and takes her home to live with him .
He also starred in two sitcoms that were not aired for long , &quot; The Good Life &quot; ( NBC , 1971 @-@ 72 ) and &quot; Here We Go Again &quot; ( ABC , 1973 ) .
His film work included roles well received by critics in &quot; The Group , &quot; &quot; Harry and Tonto &quot; and &quot; Primary Colors . &quot;
But it was his masterful interpretation of delightfully detestable JR that led to Hagman reaching his peak of stardom .
The drama series on CBS about the Ewing clan and other characters in their orbit aired from April 1978 to May 1991 .
The tagline &quot; Who shot JR ? , &quot; designed to generate hype around an episode full of emotions in which Hagman &apos;s character is nearly killed , generated international speculation and millions of risky dollars wagered in gaming establishments .
It also helped give the series a record audience at the time .
When the answer was revealed in an episode in November 1980 , an average of 41 million viewers tuned in and made &quot; Dallas &quot; the second most watched entertainment programme in history , after the final episode of &quot; MASH &quot; in 1983 , which had 50 million viewers .
It was JR &apos;s sister @-@ in @-@ law Kristin ( played by Mary Crosby ) who shot him .
JR got her pregnant then threatened to say she was a prostitute unless she left town , but there were others who also had reasons to attack him .
Hagman portrayed Ewing as a corrupt insatiable man with a charismatic smile : a dishonest entrepreneur and cheating husband who tried to have his alcoholic wife , Sue Ellen ( Linda Gray ) , sectioned .
&quot; I know what I want on JR &apos;s tombstone &quot; Hagman said in 1988 .
It should read : &quot; Here lies the honest citizen JR Ewing . &quot;
This is the only deal he lost .
Victoria Principal , co @-@ star of the original series , recalled Hagman on Friday as someone &quot; huge , on and off screen . &quot;
He is unforgettable and irreplaceable , for millions of fans around the world , and in the hearts of each one of us who was fortunate enough to know and love him .
Ten episodes of the new edition of &quot; Dallas &quot; were broadcast a few months ago with great success for TNT .
He had already finished recording five episodes for the second series and a sixth was in process , the chain reported .
Immediately after , there was no statement from Warner or TNT about how the series would handle the loss of Hagman .
Hagman , born in Fort Worth , Texas , was the son of actress and singer Mary Martin , who starred in classics such as &quot; South Pacific &quot; and &quot; Peter Pan . &quot;
Martin was still a teenager when she had him in 1931 during her marriage to lawyer Ben Hagman .
He tried his luck in the New York theatre scene in the early &apos; 50s , and later served in the Air Force from 1952 to 1956 , in England .
While there , he met the young Swedish designer Maj Axelsson and married her .
The couple had two sons , Preston and Heidi , and lived for a long time in the Californian city Malibu , home to many celebrities .
In 2001 , he called his memoirs &quot; Hello Darlin &apos; : Tall ( and Absolutely True ) Tales About My Life . &quot;
&quot; I didn &apos;t put anything in it that I believed would hurt anyone or affect them in any way &quot; he told Associated Press at the time .
After his liver transplant , he became an organ donation promoter and worked as a volunteer at a hospital , helping fearful patients .
&quot; I advise them , encourage them , meet with them when they come for their surgery , and afterwards &quot; he said in 1996 .
I try to offer some comfort , such as &quot; Don &apos;t be afraid , it will be a little uncomfortable for a short time , but then you &apos;ll be fine . &quot;
He was also an anti @-@ smoking activist and took part in several campaigns .
Start of a course that explores the &quot; End of the World &quot;
Each week , students explore apocalyptic themes such as nuclear war , zombies , viruses and germs , and global warming .
This term , when Professor of religion , Stuart Charmé , decided to give a course on the end of the world , he knew he had a compelling hook : The end of the &quot; long countdown &quot; of the Mayan calendar , 21 December , which had convinced many people that the end of the world was coming .
But Charmé had no idea what awaited him over the next couple of months : The cataclysmic hurricane Sandy , a fiscal precipice some called &quot; debt Armageddon &quot; and a growing conflict involving Israel , where end @-@ of @-@ the @-@ world Christians theorists think the Apocalypse will begin .
&quot; I didn &apos;t realise this was going to be the most apocalyptic term ever &quot; said Charmé this week to students at Rutgers @-@ Camden University ( New Jersey ) .
If you look at what has been happening in the world today as if we were at 30 days and counting , this has been a really good period .
And remember that bad is good for those with an apocalyptic mentality .
And he is not the only professor who offers courses on the &quot; end of the world &quot; this term , theoretically the last in history .
At Temple , Associate Professor Barry Vacker is giving the course &quot; Media , Culture and the end of the world . &quot;
Each week , students explore apocalyptic themes such as nuclear war , zombies , viruses and germs , and global warming .
&quot; We looked at why these ideas proliferate over time &quot; he said , and how they offer hypothetical scenarios that guide human behaviour .
If nuclear material falls into the hands of terrorists , for example , a war could break out .
This month students analysed movies with an apocalyptic theme and explored how they compare with real @-@ life examples .
&quot; I &apos;ve tried to inform students about what is possible , probable , credible and impossible &quot; said Vacker .
At the main Pennsylvania State University campus , Latin American History Professor Matthew Restall , and his colleague Amara Solari , an Associate Art History and Anthropology Professor , have teamed up to give a course , called simply &quot; The end of the world . &quot;
&quot; We don &apos;t add &apos; 2012 &apos; so we always have the option of running the course again , if the world doesn &apos;t come to an end &quot; said Restall .
Despite the &quot; impending doom , &quot; students have to study , undertake projects and take final exams .
At Penn State , the final exam will be taken on the eve of the Apocalypse , which leaves students no choice but to work &quot; until the very night the world is supposed to end &quot; said Restall .
The courses proved quite popular .
&quot; It was fully booked within two hours &quot; said Restall , on his course for students with high averages , which was filled with 35 students .
We received emails for weeks and weeks before the start of the term , from people asking if there were any places .
Students , meanwhile , say the course is one of the most interesting around .
&quot; I find it fascinating to see what people do to console themselves &quot; said Bridgid Robinson , a 23 @-@ year @-@ old post @-@ graduate Religion and Sociology student from Haddonfield , New Jersey , at Rutgers @-@ Camden .
And the apocalyptic , secular or religious mentality is just a matter consolation or a lack of it .
Will Wekesa , a 25 @-@ year @-@ old post @-@ graduate Psychology and Nursing student , said he had seen all the apocalyptic movies .
&quot; I &apos;d never heard of a class that could teach it &quot; he said .
I enjoy it .
But none of the students interviewed - much less any professor - said they believed in the end date of December 21st .
&quot; Our first project was about the Mayan prophecy and to a certain extent we discredited it &quot; said Julie Zeglen , a 21 @-@ year @-@ old final year student at Temple , from West Chester .
The Mayans never predicted the end of the world : it is just a key point in the calendar , said Restall .
But he said that Western culture suffers from apocalyptic anxiety , which goes back several centuries , in which people react to changes around them by predicting the end of the world .
The Internet has caused a boom in these speculations .
&quot; In other places , people don &apos;t think about it &quot; he said .
It &apos;s mostly in the English @-@ speaking world .
Joseph Dougherty , a Professor of religion at La Salle University , who is giving courses in the Philippines this year , responded quickly to the question of whether he knew about any courses on the &quot; end of the world &quot; there .
&quot; The Philippines are not taking part in the end of the world &quot; he wrote , suggesting an exception of a higher authority .
We have an indulgence from the Pope .
Restall noted that over the years there has been talk of many days of the last judgement , and said that if nothing happens on December 21st , &quot; people will immediately start thinking of the next date &quot; or philosophising that December 21st is the beginning of a seven @-@ year period after which the world will end .
Students and teachers are taking the date lightly .
Some said they plan to go to &quot; end of the world &quot; parties .
&quot; Maybe I &apos;ll call some friends so we can have a laugh together &quot; said Samira Ford , 20 @-@ year @-@ old communications student .
Spectacular Wingsuit Jump Over Bogota
Sportsman Jhonathan Florez jumped from a helicopter above Bogota , the capital of Colombia , on Thursday .
Wearing a wingsuit , he flew past over the famous Monserrate Sanctuary at 160km / h . The sanctuary is located at an altitude of over 3000 meters and numerous spectators had gathered there to watch his exploit .
A black box in your car ?
As America &apos;s road planners struggle to find the cash to mend a crumbling highway system , many are beginning to see a solution in a little black box that fits neatly by the dashboard of your car .
The devices , which track every mile a motorist drives and transmit that information to bureaucrats , are at the center of a controversial attempt in Washington and state planning offices to overhaul the outdated system for funding America &apos;s major roads .
The usually dull arena of highway planning has suddenly spawned intense debate and colorful alliances .
Libertarians have joined environmental groups in lobbying to allow government to use the little boxes to keep track of the miles you drive , and possibly where you drive them - then use the information to draw up a tax bill .
The tea party is aghast .
The American Civil Liberties Union is deeply concerned , too , raising a variety of privacy issues .
And while Congress can &apos;t agree on whether to proceed , several states are not waiting .
They are exploring how , over the next decade , they can move to a system in which drivers pay per mile of road they roll over .
Thousands of motorists have already taken the black boxes , some of which have GPS monitoring , for a test drive .
This really is a must for our nation .
&quot; It is not a matter of something we might choose to do , &quot; said Hasan Ikhrata , executive director of the Southern California Assn. of Governments , which is planning for the state to start tracking miles driven by every California motorist by 2025 .
There is going to be a change in how we pay these taxes .
The technology is there to do it .
The push comes as the country &apos;s Highway Trust Fund , financed with taxes Americans pay at the gas pump , is broke .
Americans don &apos;t buy as much gas as they used to .
Cars get many more miles to the gallon .
The federal tax itself , 18.4 cents per gallon , hasn &apos;t gone up in 20 years .
Politicians are loath to raise the tax even one penny when gas prices are high .
&quot; The gas tax is just not sustainable , &quot; said Lee Munnich , a transportation policy expert at the University of Minnesota .
His state recently put tracking devices on 500 cars to test out a pay @-@ by @-@ mile system .
&quot; This works out as the most logical alternative over the long term , &quot; he said .
Wonks call it a mileage @-@ based user fee .
It is no surprise that the idea appeals to urban liberals , as the taxes could be rigged to change driving patterns in ways that could help reduce congestion and greenhouse gases , for example .
California planners are looking to the system as they devise strategies to meet the goals laid out in the state &apos;s ambitious global warming laws .
But Rep. Bill Shuster ( R @-@ Pa . ) , chairman of the House Transportation Committee , has said he , too , sees it as the most viable long @-@ term alternative .
The free marketeers at the Reason Foundation are also fond of having drivers pay per mile .
&quot; This is not just a tax going into a black hole , &quot; said Adrian Moore , vice president of policy at Reason .
People are paying more directly into what they are getting .
The movement is also bolstered by two former U.S. Transportation secretaries , who in a 2011 report urged Congress to move in the pay @-@ per @-@ mile direction .
The U.S. Senate approved a $ 90 @-@ million pilot project last year that would have involved about 10,000 cars .
But the House leadership killed the proposal , acting on concerns of rural lawmakers representing constituents whose daily lives often involve logging lots of miles to get to work or into town .
Several states and cities are nonetheless moving ahead on their own .
The most eager is Oregon , which is enlisting 5,000 drivers in the country &apos;s biggest experiment .
Those drivers will soon pay the mileage fees instead of gas taxes to the state .
Nevada has already completed a pilot .
New York City is looking into one .
Illinois is trying it on a limited basis with trucks .
And the I @-@ 95 Coalition , which includes 17 state transportation departments along the Eastern Seaboard ( including Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Florida ) , is studying how they could go about implementing the change .
The concept is not a universal hit .
In Nevada , where about 50 volunteers &apos; cars were equipped with the devices not long ago , drivers were uneasy about the government being able to monitor their every move .
&quot; Concerns about Big Brother and those sorts of things were a major problem , &quot; said Alauddin Khan , who directs strategic and performance management at the Nevada Department of Transportation .
It was not something people wanted .
As the trial got underway , the ACLU of Nevada warned on its website : &quot; It would be fairly easy to turn these devices into full @-@ fledged tracking devices . &quot;
There is no need to build an enormous , unwieldy technological infrastructure that will inevitably be expanded to keep records of individuals &apos; everyday comings and goings .
Nevada is among several states now scrambling to find affordable technology that would allow the state to keep track of how many miles a car is being driven , but not exactly where and at what time .
If you can do that , Khan said , the public gets more comfortable .
The hunt for that technology has led some state agencies to a small California startup called True Mileage .
The firm was not originally in the business of helping states tax drivers .
It was seeking to break into an emerging market in auto insurance , in which drivers would pay based on their mileage .
But the devices it is testing appeal to highway planners because they don &apos;t use GPS and deliver a limited amount of information , uploaded periodically by modem .
&quot; People will be more willing to do this if you do not track their speed and you do not track their location , &quot; said Ryan Morrison , chief executive of True Mileage .
There have been some big mistakes in some of these state pilot programs .
There are a lot less expensive and less intrusive ways to do this .
In Oregon , planners are experimenting with giving drivers different choices .
They can choose a device with or without GPS .
Or they can choose not to have a device at all , opting instead to pay a flat fee based on the average number of miles driven by all state residents .
Other places are hoping to sell the concept to a wary public by having the devices do more , not less .
In New York City , transportation officials are seeking to develop a taxing device that would also be equipped to pay parking meter fees , provide &quot; pay @-@ as @-@ you @-@ drive &quot; insurance , and create a pool of real @-@ time speed data from other drivers that motorists could use to avoid traffic .
&quot; Motorists would be attracted to participate because of the value of the benefits it offers to them , &quot; says a city planning document .
Some transportation planners , though , wonder if all the talk about paying by the mile is just a giant distraction .
At the Metropolitan Transportation Commission in the San Francisco Bay Area , officials say Congress could very simply deal with the bankrupt Highway Trust Fund by raising gas taxes .
An extra one @-@ time or annual levy could be imposed on drivers of hybrids and others whose vehicles don &apos;t use much gas , so they pay their fair share .
&quot; There is no need for radical surgery when all you need to do is take an aspirin , &quot; said Randy Rentschler , the commission &apos;s director of legislation and public affairs .
If we do this , hundreds of millions of drivers will be concerned about their privacy and a host of other things .
David Bowie : Four Unpublished Songs Released
The British musician is full of surprises this year .
Following The Next Day , released in January , he has put together a deluxe re @-@ release planned for November 04 , featuring several unpublished tracks .
Four have already appeared on the Internet .
The announcement that David Bowie was releasing a new album had stunned the world .
On 08 January 2013 , the date of his 66th birthday , he announced that a new album would be released in March .
After ten years of silence ( his last record , Reality , was released in 2003 ) and very few public appearances , the British musician proved that he could still light up the pop scene .
A feast for fans
Not tired of making surprises , David Bowie had more than one trick up his sleeves with The Next Day :
the Thin White Duke was also planning to re @-@ release the album on November 04 .
He put together a real feast for his fans to mark the occasion .
This re @-@ release , titled The Next Day Extra , was presented in the form of three disks : the original album , unpublished studio sessions and remixes , plus a DVD containing the four clips that have already been unveiled .
The Next Day Extra had a total of ten additional tracks compared to the original album : the three songs from the Deluxe edition , five songs specially unveiled for the occasion , and two remixes .
Moreover , David Bowie has introduced this fine box @-@ set through a video .
In it , he presents each of the disks plus the accessories provided with them : exclusive photos and sleeves , a notebook for sharing your own impressions , a booklet of lyrics etc .
And finally , he gives a teaser to his new track , Atomica , which is typically in the style of The Next Day , with very prominent guitars and skillfully controlled rock electrics .
Previously Unpublished Tracks Released
However , Atomica is not the only track to have been released .
The Informer , Like A Rocket Man and Born In A UFO are also available on the net .
The Informer is double @-@ edged - an unsettling intro followed by a brilliant rush of sound that progressively slows down to make way for a pop ballad .
Was Bowie trying to make a reference to Elton John &apos;s Rocket Man , or even Gravity , in his Like A Rocket Man ?
Either way , with this cheerful track , the singer seems to be in his element when his feet are no longer on the ground .
Space Oddity , by comparison , was much more solemn .
On Born in a UFO , David Bowie once again refers to his strangeness : could he have come from another planet ?
The spellbinding guitar riffs make you want to leave Earth .
In any case , Bowie enjoys playing the chameleon in these tracks : in turn , an informer , a rocket man , possibly a Martian ...
He veils and reveals at the same time , and likes to take on different personalities , as he has throughout his career , most notably with his personas : Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane .
It is therefore not surprising that he should be holding a mask in the promotional photography for L &apos;Invitation au Voyage , by Louis Vuitton , of which he is the new face .
He appears in one of their adverts , broadcast from November 10 .
The Minister of Defence , Rob Nicholson , insisted that injured soldiers are not summarily discharged from the Canadian Armed Forces and stressed that all soldiers undergo a transition process before their return to civilian life .
Attacked by liberals and neo @-@ democrats in the House of Commons , Mr. Nicholson assured that , prior to their discharge , members of the army underwent a transition plan in collaboration with their superiors .
&quot; All injured soldiers receive the appropriate care in preparation for their return to civilian life and none has been discharged before being ready , &quot; he asserted .
The detractors are accusing the government of trying to save money by not allowing injured soldiers - who do not meet the army &apos;s rule of &quot; universality of service &quot; , which requires that personnel be able to carry out a series of varying tasks - to reach the ten @-@ year period of admissibility required for retirement benefits .
They have specifically noted two cases reported in La Presse Canadienne , one involving a soldier discharged last Friday .
Lance Corporal David Hawkins , a reservist from London , Ontario , was diagnosed with post @-@ traumatic stress disorder and discharged from the army , despite asking to be kept on for another year to receive a fully @-@ indexed pension .
His case follows that of Lance Corporal Glen Kirkland , who declared before a parliamentary commission last month that he had been forced to leave before he was ready because he did not meet the rule of universality of service .
Mr. Hawkins stressed that a soldier could be prepared for his departure , with planning and consultation sessions , but that this was totally different than wanting to leave the army .
&quot; I told them I wasn &apos;t ready , &quot; he said in an interview with La Presse Canadienne on Wednesday .
&quot; For several months , I asked if there was a way that I could stay on , and they said no , &quot; he adds .
Since the start of major combat in Afghanistan , the army has struggled to determine what latitude it can give to injured soldiers who want to stay in the army but are not capable of combat .
Under the current rules , seriously injured soldiers have up to three years to recover .
If they do not meet the criteria for overseas deployment , they can be forced to leave the army .
The data presented to parliament last year indicates that , of the 1,218 soldiers discharged for medical reasons , 199 had not reached the length of service required to obtain retirement benefits .
On Wednesday , the liberal spokesman for former service personnel , Jim Karygiannis , asked for Lance Corporal Hawkins to be reinstated , while the neo @-@ democrat Jack Harris demanded an immediate end to &quot; this shameful practice &quot; .
Disney to Launch New Animated Series on Tablet PCs
American media and entertainment group Disney has decided to give priority to tablet PCs over its own television channels for the next release of a new series for children .
The first nine episodes of Sheriff Callie &apos;s Wild West will be available from November 24 on the site watchdisneyjunior.com or via its application for mobile phones and tablets .
The global launch on the Disney group channels is not planned until 2014 , according to the press release from its Disney Junior division .
The animation , aimed at children aged 2 to 7 , is about the adventures of the cat , Callie , the sheriff of a town in the Wild West where she keeps law and order using a magic lasso .
Each episode contains two 11 @-@ minute stories .
&quot; Interacting with smartphones and tablets is second nature for children today , &quot; notes Albert Cheng , vice @-@ president of digital products at the Disney / ABC Television Group , in a quote in the press release .
This kind of experience is part of Disney &apos;s efforts to &quot; extend the lifetime of its series and build new relationships with audiences via digital platforms that are becoming ever more important , &quot; he added .
A survey published by Common Sense Media at the beginning of the week showed an explosion in the use of mobile devices by young children in the United States : 38 % of children under 2 already use a tablet or mobile phone , and 72 % of under 8s , compared to 10 % and 38 % respectively two years ago .
Snowden ready to &quot; cooperate &quot; with Germany over US surveillance
Edward Snowden , the US intelligence whistleblower , has declared that he is willing to travel to Berlin to give evidence to the German parliament if the US National Security Agency and its director Keith Alexander fail to provide answers about its activities .
German MP Hans @-@ Christian Ströbele on Thursday met Mr Snowden in Russia , where he has been granted asylum , to discuss him testifying in Germany .
A letter from Mr Snowden , presented to the media in Berlin on Friday by the MP , said : &quot; Though the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive , my government continues to treat dissent as defection , and seeks to criminalise political speech with felony charges that provide no defence . &quot;
However , speaking the truth is not a crime .
In the letter , Mr Snowden said he believed the support of the international community could persuade the US government to abandon criminal charges against him .
The charges filed by the US justice department include espionage and theft of government property .
Hans @-@ Peter Friedrich , German interior minister , told Zeit Online : &quot; If Mr Snowden is ready to speak to German officials , we will find ways to make this possible . &quot;
Relations between the US and Germany have come under strain following claims that the NSA bugged Chancellor Angela &apos;s Merkel &apos;s phone .
Thomas Oppermann , the MP who heads the parliamentary panel that oversees intelligence , said that if there were an opportunity to hear Mr Snowden as a witness &quot; without bringing him into danger and completely ruining relations with the US , &quot; it should be taken .
Mr Ströbele , an MP for Germany &apos;s Green party , published a picture of himself with Mr Snowden on his Twitter feed .
He was accompanied on his visit to Russia by two German journalists .
Mr Ströbele said that , according to the former NSA contractor &apos;s lawyer , Mr Snowden would not be able to return to Russia if he left .
If Mr Snowden testified in Germany he would need assurances that he would be &quot; safe &quot; there , the MP said .
Mr Snowden said in his letter that he had faced a &quot; severe and sustained &quot; campaign of persecution that forced him from his home .
However he said that he was heartened by the worldwide response to &quot; my act of political expression . &quot;
Citizens around the world as well as high officials - including in the United States - have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system of pervasive surveillance to be a public service .
The letter extends an offer to cooperate with German authorities &quot; when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved . &quot;
Cogeco Cable Soon to Offer Interactive TV ?
Cogeco Cable subscribers may soon have access to applications like Facebook , Twitter and , ultimately , the Netflix video @-@ on @-@ demand service through their television in a seemingly not too distant future .
The Cogeco subsidiary indicated on Thursday that it is currently carrying out preliminary tests of the beta version of this platform with some of its users .
&quot; This will enable us to develop more user @-@ friendly interfaces and larger numbers of options , &quot; explained the president and CEO of Cogeco , Louis Audet , in an interview .
Cogeco Cable is thus following in the path of its competitors , like Bell , even though the Cogeco subsidiary does not yet have a precise launching date for this new platform .
&quot; We need to adapt and change or resist change and fail , &quot; emphasized Audet .
The ultimate goal is still to offer tools that our customers do not currently have access to .
The telecommunications giant Rogers has already indicated that it might offer Netflix if certain technical details ( which it did not cite ) could be sorted out .
In the United States , the popular video service is said to be discussing the possibility of making its service available via their broadcasting platforms with some major cable companies .
The CEO of Cogeco and Cogeco Cable also welcomed the announcement made by the Harper government during his speech from the Throne on October 16 .
Ottawa wants to force cable and satellite television providers to offer customers the option of accessing the services on a pay @-@ per @-@ view basis .
&quot; We have been saying for about two and a half years that the idea of forcing consumers to purchase major packages of channels doesn &apos;t work , &quot; stated Audet .
Nevertheless , he hopes that the consultations carried out by the Canadian Radio @-@ television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) will give rise to interesting recommendations .
&quot; These discussions need to produce a new type of reference framework for the definition of the new cultural policy in Canada relating to television , &quot; said Cogeco &apos;s CEO .
The CRTC has been conducting consultations with the public since last week , and these will be continued with the industry next spring .
In terms of results , Cogeco has said it has recorded a net profit of CAD 43.8 million in the fourth quarter , representing 82 ¢ per share .
This is a drop compared to the net profit of CAD 44.9 million , or 83 ¢ per share , recorded in the same period last year .
The Montreal @-@ based company says this drop is due to depreciation expenses relating to recent acquisitions .
In 2012 Cogeco bought US @-@ based cable distributor , Atlantic Broadband , for CAD 1,360 million .
This was the company &apos;s first major acquisition after its failed aquisition attempt in Portugal .
The Montreal company also bought Peer 1 Network Enterprises , an Internet services provider based in Vancouver , for CAD 526 million last December .
In terms of revenue , Cogeco saw growth of 41.5 % in the fourth quarter , reaching CAD 504.7 million .
Its revenue stands at CAD 1,800 million for the current financial year .
The net profit of its principal subsidiary , Cogeco Cable , was CAD 43.9 million , or 90 ¢ per share , down from CAD 45.7 million , or 93 ¢ per share , for the same period last year .
Nevertheless , Cogeco Cable saw a 45 % growth , reaching CAD 470.4 million .
The company lost 15,237 customers during the fourth quarter .
Even so , the number of Cogeco Cable customers rose by 5,546 for the 2013 fiscal year .
Audet is not concerned by this fluctuation in the company &apos;s number of customers .
&quot; For me , this does not indicate a change in trend , &quot; he noted .
&quot; It varies from one quarter to the next in the face of very lively competition . &quot;
Horse in Beef Products
Horse meat has been detected in beef @-@ based canned food products sold by two small British low @-@ cost distribution retailers , the Food Standards Agency announced today .
Routine tests revealed that products processed in Romania in January and sold by shops of the Home Bargains and Quality Save chains contained between 1 and 5 % of horse DNA .
&quot; Since horse meat is not mentioned in the list of ingredients , it should not have been present in the product , &quot; the British agency explained .
A scandal on the presence of horse meat in prepared meals had broken out in Europe at the beginning of the year , following tests carried out in Ireland .
According to investigations by the European Commission , France the most affected by the presence of this type of meat in products which are supposed to contain beef only .
Two vehicles collide on Route 131 in Lanaudière leaving four injured Friday morning .
Just before 4am , a driver heading north towards Saint @-@ Félix @-@ de @-@ Valois lost control of his vehicle and crashed into another car travelling in the opposite direction .
The four occupants of the two vehicles were injured , though not lethally .
Traffic returned to normal at around 6am .
Frontier Airlines to charge for carry @-@ on baggage
Frontier Airlines plans to charge up to $ 100 for passengers to store carry @-@ on luggage on board their flight .
Frontier Airlines plans to start charging up to $ 100 for a carry @-@ on bag and $ 2 for coffee or soda , although its announcement on Wednesday did say that passengers will get to keep the whole can .
The new carry @-@ on fee is for bags in the overhead bin , so small bags under the seat will still be free .
Frontier said it will charge $ 25 if the fee is paid in advance , $ 100 if travelers wait to pay until they &apos;re at the gate .
Frontier spokeswoman Kate O &apos;Malley said the $ 100 fee is to get travelers to take care of the charge in advance .
&quot; We don &apos;t want to charge that , &quot; she said .
Airlines began charging for the first and second checked bags in 2008 .
Passengers trying to avoid those fees have been stuffing as much as they can into carry @-@ on baggage stashed in overhead bins , meaning those bins often run out of space .
Fees are one way to get passengers to bring less on board .
O &apos;Malley said the new charge is not really about raising money .
It &apos;s about Frontier &apos;s most loyal customers making it very clear that finding overhead bin space has become increasingly difficult .
Passengers who buy their tickets on the airline &apos;s website won &apos;t have to pay .
That means one passenger in line at a Frontier gate might get to bring a bag on for free , while the next person in line might owe $ 100 for a similar bag .
O &apos;Malley said Frontier &apos;s website and check @-@ in procedures are being changed to make sure passengers know about the fee before they get to the gate .
Frontier &apos;s new carry @-@ on fee won &apos;t start until summer , though a date hasn &apos;t been set .
Passengers often grumble about baggage charges and other fees , but airlines love them .
They argue that luggage costs money to handle , and passengers who want the service should pay for it .
Many on Wall Street view the addition of baggage fees as a sign that airlines are charging enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses .
Most haven &apos;t touched carry @-@ on bag fees , though .
Spirit Airlines Inc. started the first carry @-@ on fee three years ago , and fellow discounter Allegiant Air later followed .
The only other airline with such a fee is Hungary &apos;s Wizz Air , said airline consultant Jay Sorensen , who closely tracks add @-@ on fees .
He estimated in a December 2011 report that Spirit &apos;s carry @-@ on fee brings in $ 50 million a year .
Sorensen , a former executive with Midwest Airlines , flew Spirit recently and wondered what he &apos;d find at the gate as passengers encountered Spirit &apos;s unusual carry @-@ on bag fee .
&quot; The boarding process was the smoothest I had seen in my airline career , &quot; he said .
I was expecting to see gnashing of teeth and a fight breaking out at the gate .
The plane was full , he said , &quot; and it boarded lickety @-@ split . &quot;
Frontier is also following Spirit &apos;s $ 2 charge for coffee , tea , soda , or juice .
Frontier said passengers who get soda or juice can keep the whole can , and it will give coffee refills for free .
It will still give away water .
US Airways briefly tried charging for beverages in 2008 but backed down seven months later after passengers complained and no other major airline followed .
Frontier &apos;s move to charge the carry @-@ on fee if passengers don &apos;t buy direct from the airline is its latest effort to steer customers toward its own website .
Airlines pay online travel sellers such as Orbitz $ 10 to $ 25 for each ticket sold .
That has given all airlines an incentive to steer passengers to buy directly from them instead of going through an online travel agency .
Frontier has gone the furthest in this area , though .
In September it began giving half as many frequent flier miles to customers who bought through an online travel agency .
On Wednesday it slashed the mileage award to 25 percent of the miles of the trip .
So , a 1,000 mile Frontier trip purchased from an online travel agency would earn 250 miles .
It also allows passengers to choose their seat in advance only if they buy directly from the Frontier website .
Frontier has a loyal base of customers in its home city of Denver , but its business is shrinking and losing money .
Revenue dropped 9 percent and its flying capacity shrank almost 13 percent in the first quarter , according to financial results released Wednesday by corporate parent Republic Airways Holdings Inc .
Republic has been trying to fix Frontier &apos;s finances as part of selling the airline .
NSA Blames &quot; Internal Error , &quot; Not Hackers , For Website Crash
The shadowy National Security Agency said late Friday that it was a glitch that brought down its public website for a few hours , not hackers as some claimed online .
&quot; NSA.gov was not accessible for several hours tonight because of an internal error that occurred during a scheduled update , &quot; the spy agency said in an emailed statement .
The issue will be resolved this evening .
Claims that the outage was caused by a distributed denial of service &#91; DDoS &#93; attack are not true .
Earlier this evening online server trackers noted the NSA &apos;s website had been down for at least six hours , and the site continues to be inaccessible for some users .
Earlier an NSA spokesperson told ABC News the agency &apos;s internal , sensitive network was &quot; not at all &quot; compromised .
No classified information is in danger , the spokesperson said .
At least one hacktivist group online claimed that they were responsible for bringing down the NSA site with a DDoS attack .
DDoS attacks are designed to flood a target website with traffic until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
The cyber tactic is a relatively unsophisticated one and the attacks are not meant to penetrate the internal network of the target system .
The formerly super secretive NSA , once nicknamed No Such Agency , has found itself in very public light , and amid vicious criticism , in past months following a stream of revelations about is vast foreign and domestic surveillance programs - collectively the product of secret NSA files stolen from the agency and leaked by disenchanted former NSA contractor Edward Snowden .
Such growing controversy surrounding the agency prompted early speculation that tonight &apos;s incident was the result of a targeted cyber operation .
Delta Centre @-@ Ville Closes
Delta Centre @-@ Ville Hotel in Montreal closed its doors on Thursday after 36 years of existence .
The investment fund that owned the building sold it to developers who will convert it into student residences .
The hotel had three hundred and fifty employees .
Of these , 200 have still not found a new job .
Delta has promised not to abandon its employees .
Employers have come to meet employees on site and have met with the employees individually to assess their needs .
&quot; That support will continue for the next six months , &quot; explains the regional labour relations director at Delta hotels , Felix Bisson .
The closure of the Delta comes at a time of great competitiveness in the hotel market .
The investment fund that owned the building had to make a choice .
It had to either reinvest in the building to continue using it , which would require investments worth tens of millions of dollars while competition is fierce as a lot of new hotels have appeared in Montreal .
or sell it to someone else , which is what happened , &quot; explains Paul Arsenault , holder of the Transat Chair in Tourism at the School of Management at the UQAM .
Other hotels in Montreal will also be converted in the coming months , such as the Crown Plaza , which will become a home for the elderly .
Meanwhile , four hotel projects totaling almost 600 rooms will be implemented in the next two years .
&quot; Plan to buy Goodyear Amiens will begin with zero employees , &quot; Titan CEO says
After dramatically throwing in the towel in January over the partial taking over of the Goodyear site in Amiens North , which is due to close , Maurice Taylor , CEO of American tire manufacturer , Titan , now says that he is ready to save 333 of the factory &apos;s 1,137 employees .
Arnaud Montebourg , Minister of Industrial Recovery , had already announced this on Monday October 21 .
After giving up the plan to buy the factory in January , today you are back .
You had fired violent attacks and insults , talking of &apos; so @-@ called workers &apos; who &apos; work three hours &apos; a day , and &apos; mad &apos; unions , targeting the CGT .
It &apos;s hard to understand this U @-@ turn .
Is this meant to please Mr. Montebourg ?
I &apos;m not trying to please anyone .
Except my wife .
Mr. Montebourg is a charming young man who is trying to save some of the best paid industrial jobs .
I &apos;m sorry if my words have offended anyone .
But there are high levels of tax and unemployment in France too .
Does the truth offend you ?
Working seven hours a day when people in other countries are working eight hours is holding France back .
In India , China and many other countries , people work ten to twelve hours a day .
But I don &apos;t have prejudices about France .
What I see is a factory which manufactures good agricultural tires , has good equipment , a good location and plenty of room for growth .
Why does Titan need this factory so much ?
Titan doesn &apos;t need to buy this factory .
But , if the price is right and the workers are qualified , it &apos;s worth trying .
What sort of agreement do you expect between the CGT and Goodyear ?
If Goodyear had offered the employees a good severance package after announcing that the factory was closing , I think 100 % of the employees would have accepted it .
Now , let &apos;s imagine that Titan buys a closed factory from Goodyear .
At that point , Titan could choose to move the machinery to Poland or any other country in the European Union that still has its own currency .
I think Mr. Montebourg knows that .
However , he wants to keep the factory in Amiens with at least 333 well @-@ paid employees .
Titan has agreed to recruit them from the 1,200 or so people currently working for Goodyear .
Also , Mr. Montebourg needs a commitment from Titan before trying to get the CGT to sit down with Goodyear .
The first step is for the CGT and Goodyear to seal an agreement on severance pay for all the employees .
Then there won &apos;t be any employees left in the factory .
Mr. Montebourg has said that you were prepared to guarantee these 333 jobs for four years .
Can you confirm that ?
The only number I mentioned to the minister is 333 .
I know he would like a four @-@ year guarantee .
But , as I said to you , the CGT and Goodyear must first reach an agreement on the severance pay .
If all the employees accept it , the project of buying Goodyear Amiens will begin with zero employees .
How can we give guarantees on the length of employment when there are no employees left on site ?
If Mr. Montebourg gets the CGT and Goodyear to reach an agreement and Titan buys the factory , we have every intention of staying in Amiens North for more than four years .
Bombardier profit dips as plane deliveries , orders fall
Canadian plane and train maker Bombardier Inc reported a 15 percent fall in net profit on Thursday , pressured by fewer aircraft orders and deliveries in the third quarter and contract issues in its train unit .
Montreal @-@ based Bombardier also did not release any flight test data for its brand @-@ new CSeries aircraft or offer an update on whether the plane will meet its ambitious schedule of going into commercial service by next September .
After the test plane &apos;s inaugural flight about a month and a half ago , it has only flown three more times , raising questions over whether the testing phase is on track .
Results fell short of forecasts and sent shares sliding more than 8 percent on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
Cameron Doerksen , an analyst with National Bank Financial , lowered his rating to &quot; sector perform &quot; from &quot; outperform &quot; on Thursday with the view that the stock has limited upside over the next one or two quarters .
&quot; While the weaker aircraft deliveries were mostly anticipated , we are clearly disappointed by the margin performance in transportation , &quot; Doerksen said in a client note .
We believe that Bombardier will receive new orders for the CSeries as the flight test program progresses .
However , if no new orders are announced in the coming months , we suspect that the market will become more skeptical of the program .
Bombardier hopes the CSeries aircraft family can catapult it into the low end of a market now dominated by Boeing and Airbus .
The first test plane was unveiled in March and took flight for the first time in September after months of delays .
But firm orders for the CSeries are moderate so far at 177 as potential buyers wait for flight test results to validate the company &apos;s claims about the new jetliner &apos;s fuel efficiency and cost savings potential .
There are currently 403 total orders and commitments with 15 customers and operators .
Chief Executive Officer Pierre Beaudoin was confident Bombardier would meet its 300 firm order target by the time the first jet is put into commercial use .
Executives also reassured analysts and media on Thursday the program was progressing according to schedule .
&quot; The test plane didn &apos;t stay on the ground longer than anticipated , &quot; Beaudoin said in a conference call , adding that ground tests and software updates were scheduled during the plane &apos;s downtime .
Every manufacturer schedules it in a different way .
We had decided to do a first flight and to do an update period and that &apos;s what we have done .
That will happen all through the flight program .
The second of five test planes is expected to take flight in the coming weeks , with the remainder following shortly after , the company said .
Still , analysts are skeptical the first customer can begin operating a CSeries plane 12 months after its maiden flight .
Bombardier said it was evaluating the entry @-@ into @-@ service ( EIS ) schedule and will provide an update in the next few months .
&quot; This slow pace of flight testing - although in line with Bombardier &apos;s internal schedule apparently - reinforces our view that entry @-@ into @-@ service will be pushed to Q1 / 15 , &quot; said Doerksen .
For the third quarter ended September 30 , Bombardier &apos;s net profit fell to $ 147 million , or 8 cents per share , from $ 172 million , or 9 cents per share a year earlier .
Adjusted earnings per share were unchanged at 9 cents .
Revenue dipped marginally to $ 4.1 billion from $ 4.2 billion .
Analysts had expected earnings of 10 cents per share and revenue of $ 4.56 billion , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S.
The world &apos;s fourth @-@ largest planemaker said it delivered 45 aircraft during the quarter , down from 57 a year earlier .
Net orders fell to 26 aircraft , from 83 .
The backlog in the aerospace division was $ 32.9 billion as of September 30 , unchanged from December 31 .
&quot; In aerospace , results were in line with our guidance , but the low order intake and overall market conditions were a disappointment , &quot; Beaudoin said .
Aerospace revenue fell 13 percent to $ 2 billion .
Bombardier , the world &apos;s largest trainmaker , said revenue in that division rose nearly 11 percent to $ 2.1 billion .
The order backlog in the transportation unit was $ 32.6 billion as of September 30 , up marginally from December 31 .
The transportation division &apos;s margins were affected by execution issues in a few large contracts .
Executives said new guidance would be provided in the fourth quarter .
Shares of Bombardier , which also announced that Google Inc Chief Financial Officer Patrick Pichette would join the board , were down 8.5 percent at C $ 4.83 in mid afternoon trading on Thursday .
Brazil &apos;s Embraer SA , the world &apos;s third @-@ largest commercial planemaker and Bombardier &apos;s closest rival , reported a 10 percent fall in quarterly profit on Thursday .
Two potholders aged 23 and 27 went missing in a cave under the Dent de Crolles on Thursday evening , according to a report from the Isère cave rescue organization on Friday .
They were found on Friday afternoon .
The two men , one experienced , the other not , set off underground on Thursday at around 9.30pm , in an attempt to cross the Dent des Crolles , which is in the district of Saint @-@ Pierre @-@ de @-@ Chartreuse .
There was no news of them after this , said the same source .
&quot; The potholders were due to return at around 5am , &quot; said Thierry Larribe , technical consultant at the cave @-@ rescue organization who organized the rescue efforts .
Dozens of people on site
Twenty or so rescuers , ten civilian members of the French cave @-@ rescue organization , as well as the police , mountain rescue services and firefighters were on hand .
The two potholders were found late on Friday afternoon .
&quot; Another group of potholders found them in the hollow exhausted but in good health and got a message to one of the rescue teams working in the network of tunnels , &quot; explained local newspaper , Le Dauphiné .
The two men , who are soldiers in the 13th Battalion of French Alpine Troops stationed in Chambéry , were found &quot; exhausted but uninjured &quot; .
They got lost in the network , but retraced their steps while waiting for assistance , said the police .
After being given supplies , they are expected to exit the cave in the evening with the help of the rescuers .
German Journalists Urged to Shun Google and Yahoo
The union of German journalists urged its members to stop using Google and Yahoo online services on Thursday , following new revelations concerning the activities of the American and British intelligence services .
&quot; The German Federation of Journalists is recommending that journalists avoid using the Google and Yahoo search engine and messaging services until further notice , &quot; it said in a press release .
It calls the reports in the Washington Post &quot; scandalous &quot; . According to these , the National Security Agency ( NSA ) in America and the Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) in Britain have gathered loads of information by infiltrating international networks , enabling the two bodies to synchronize their servers .
&quot; The research carried out by journalists is just as confidential as the details of their sources and the nature of their communication with them , &quot; added Michael Konken , president of the union , which has 38,000 members .
Repainted Traffic Lights : MP Asks Brigitte Grouwels to Resign
Not everyone is pleased with Minister Brigitte Grouwels &apos; plan to give traffic light posts in Brussels a &quot; face @-@ lift &quot; .
The Minister of Public Works and Transports in Brussels had launched a test project in the centre of Brussels on Thursday , consisting in repainting 16 traffic light posts in the yellow and blue colours of the Brussels region .
The aim of this is to both &quot; increase safety &quot; and &quot; enhance the identity of Brussels &quot; .
The idea is to eventually repaint all the traffic lights in Brussels , at an estimated cost of one million Euros .
But the blue chosen by the Minister is &quot; too dark &quot; , according to Brussels MP Emmanuel De Bock , who talks of the &quot; Flemishing &quot; of the capital and is demanding the resignation of Brigitte Grouwels .
&quot; Not content with spending Brussels residents &apos; money like water on this scheme of giving traffic light posts a face @-@ lift with the colours of the Brussels region , Brigitte Grouwels is continuing her efforts to turn the capital Flemish , &quot; says an angry De Bock in a press release .
After her mango yellow and black taxis , she has ended up repainting the posts in Brussels yellow , dark blue and black .
According to the MP , there is now &quot; no difference in visual continuity between Flanders and Brussels .
The residents of Brussels deserve better than to see their money wasted by a Christian Democratic and Flemish Minister , who is carrying out the New Flemish Alliance program herself .
It is high time the Flemish Trojan Horse was stopped .
Let &apos;s not forget , Brigitte Grouwels was elected by 2,245 votes , that is 0.5 % of Brussels inhabitants ! &quot; De Bock concludes .
Pont @-@ de @-@ Buis Portico Dismantled
The ecotax portico in Pont @-@ de @-@ Buis , around which a violent demonstration against the tax took place on Saturday , was taken down on Thursday morning .
Cranes arrived on the site just after 10am , and traffic on the main road was diverted afterwards .
The decision to take the portico down , which was announced by the Finistère police department on Wednesday , was taken by Ecomouv , the company managing the portico .
This was the last of three ecotax porticos still operating in the department of Finistère , the other two having been taken down or sabotaged .
Google Glass Accessories Shop Launched
An online shop offering a range of accessories for Google Glass has just been launched for the thousands of developers who own a prototype of the Google @-@ branded , web @-@ enabled glasses .
It means they can now get headphones , a charger or even a storage case .
The shop , which is strictly reserved for developers who already have Google Glass , offers some accessories , such as a charger and USB cable , for $ 50 .
It is also possible to get a micro @-@ fiber protective cover or in @-@ ear headphones for the same price .
Although Google is currently working on a model of Google Glass equipped with corrective lenses , no date for a full @-@ scale launch has yet been announced .
Five years ago , my father passed away .
At first , I was in denial about his death . I spoke of him in the present tense .
I was afraid of forgetting him , or perhaps I did not know how I was going to continue to &quot; spend time &quot; with him .
There is no formula , no method for passing through the wall of the invisible to be with your loved ones .
Then signs started to appear .
The first time I had this very strong feeling of his presence , he was in the passenger seat while I was driving .
Another time is when I quietly woke up in the middle of the night and went to look at his watch , which I always have with me , lying on the bedside table .
The smiling image of my father stays with me during my everyday activities .
Our mother left us after an exhausting fight against cancer .
At least , that is what I thought when I saw the shell of her stiff body under the crumpled sheets of the hospital bed .
Similarly , her funeral was a cold goodbye focused on the dim light of the candles surrounding her coffin .
I thought she had gone .
Gradually , by way of tiny and slightly faint or faded appearances during the day and night , she soon came back into my life , evolving as she took back her place in the landscape of my mind which thought it was still in mourning .
And then she revealed herself by showing me aspects of myself I had never seen before , that were hidden by my relationship with her .
Thus , I learnt and understood that I had not lost my mother herself at all , just a woman that I did not know very well , a woman who embodied her during her stay on this earth .
In dying , this woman had completed her life and freed the person that I loved , and now she was back , whole and complete .
This detour in the path of my life is still the most unexpected and beautiful thing .
It is a privilege to know that the people we love never leave us .
I am like my father , &quot; inside and out &quot; , it seems .
I have always been told that .
I never believed it at the time .
I had a difficult relationship with him until he became old and ill .
At that point I was no longer afraid of him and I was able to love him .
One day , he died .
For a long time , he stayed with me - when I stopped smoking , when I was afraid , when I was ill ...
He would speak to me , constantly encourage me , he lived in my body .
I would see his hands when I looked at mine ; I lent him my body .
But this was never indiscreet .
I could still lead a personal life .
He allowed me my privacy .
That lasted a long time , then one day he was gone .
In the end , it felt comfortable and reassuring to be understood , encouraged , advised .
I don &apos;t know who it was that said that those who die are not forgotten but invisible .
My parents are no longer here but I feel them close to me constantly .
In every event , every moment of my life , I feel their presence , and I am always referring to them : what would they say , what would they think , what would they do ?
I constantly dream of them , perhaps not every night , but several times a week for sure .
I often dream of the last moments I shared with them before it was too late , except that there is still one thing that prevents me from enjoying the moment .
I often wake up distressed because it hits me and I feel their absence deeply .
Sometimes , some dreams affect me differently and make an impression on my mind , so , in effect , they continue to live and be a part of my life .
On the day before my ultrasound , when I was going to find out the gender of my baby , I dreamt that I woke up and hauled myself out of bed , and my father was waiting for me on the landing . He was smiling at me and was happy that I was expecting a little boy .
The following day , I had the feeling that he had come to visit me in my dream to tell me that he was sharing the joy I was feeling .
And , yes , I was indeed carrying a boy .
I loved sharing that moment with him and enjoy talking of that shared memory that happened after his death .
Exactly five years ago , my grandmother died of cancer .
One year previously , she had travelled with my family to Cuba .
Hence the shock that her loss provoked in the young graduate I was then .
In spite of everything , I said my goodbyes fairly quickly .
But she continues to influence my life , particularly in when I &apos;m going through hard times , or when I have to make an important decision .
Deciding to learn Arabic and pursuing an interest in the Middle East , to the point of doing a Masters at a major university , in hindsight , were not trivial decisions .
Actually , I often used to listen to her speak Arabic during my childhood and talk about Morocco where she had lived for decades before coming back to France when it became independent .
The values she instilled in me are still there , so I often end up wondering what she would want me to do at a given moment .
It &apos;s the same with my opinions : I try to live up to the generosity and correctness of her mind as a fervent believer .
Nowadays I feel her as a daily presence , a benevolent force , a saving spirit .
I see her eyes resting on me .
My mother died nineteen years ago now .
She died after talking to me on the telephone .
I went through all the stages : incomprehension , anger , grief , tears that would come on their own , anywhere , anytime , in unusual places , at incongruous moments .
But time eased the pain .
Now there is just the gap , the silent emptiness , the need for her to entrust me , to reassure me in the palm of her gentleness .
Yet , she is there , a silent presence , watching me .
Every morning I see her worried eyes looking at me , I see the dark rings giving her a burdened look , the wrinkles around the lips dug by cigarettes , the lines that mark the forehead on days of worry .
My mother has taken possession of my face , and every morning she looks back at me in the mirror .
And every morning , I look away .
My wife and the mother of my three children died of cancer at 43 .
We always feel her protecting us , nothing bad will happen to us .
This was her promise on her death bed ; so , gradually , we learnt to smile again , and saying her name is no longer taboo but a comfort .
Of course , I talk to her at the dead of night when the absence hurts too much , and she comes into my dreams when my spirits are a little low .
We feel supported and protected in difficult moments , and the passage of time has made us realise that she was the conductor , with us trying to stay on the path she had drawn for us .
If somebody truly loved you , their absence cannot tear them out your heart or your memories .
In a way , the person you loved becomes your inner energy .
I lost my father on 22 August 2008 to asbestos @-@ related cancer .
I was very close to him , I always acted according to what he would have thought or would have appreciated .
I was unable to attend his burial , and three weeks after his death , I gave birth to a little boy .
Sometimes my beliefs are different from his , so I am always asking myself if what I am doing conforms with his way of seeing things .
I have even had problems at work because of these convictions .
However , I can &apos;t do otherwise ; I lose sleep and constantly ask myself what he would think .
I don &apos;t know if I have adopted his way of thinking or if I am simply like him - is it genetic ?
Whatever the case , he will always be my point of reference .
He was a bit like an alter ego , we didn &apos;t even need to speak .
In short , he is there every day .
I feel his presence and it makes me happy .
Almost thirty years ago , my husband died aged 33 .
I was 28 and our son was 6 .
The immense pain that engulfed me has eased of course , but he is still close to me .
He very often &quot; turns up &quot; in my dreams , in a very specific way , so vivid that when I wake up I am sad again when I realise that it was just a dream .
The other night , he asked me how I was ; I said not good , and he said &quot; I &apos;m coming down &quot; , but in a voice so real that I woke up with a start , upset , and I switched on the bedside lamp and looked around , convinced that he would come .
I still live in the same house and , frequently , I feel he is watching me ; I turn round and see he isn &apos;t there , but I know it &apos;s him and I talk to him .
I feel his presence in every room and it makes me happy .
I wouldn &apos;t leave this house for anything in the world . We were happy here and his spirit lives here with me .
I &apos;m 58 and I have always lived alone since losing him . He is and will remain the love of my life .
I should say that I am rather sociable and have a job with responsibilities . I laugh and sing , I go out , I &apos;m a grandmother , I have lots of friends , but my heart and my soul belong to him . I never talk about him except with my son , and I never go to the cemetery .
October : Bloodiest Month in Iraq Since 2008
October was the bloodiest month in Iraq since April 2008
Baghdad published official figures on Friday : 964 people lost their lives last month - 855 civilians , 65 police and 44 soldiers .
The publication came on the day the Iraqi Prime Minister met the American President .
Noury al @-@ Maliki is seeking aid from the United States .
&quot; We are not asking the world to stand by our side and support us , but we have the right to ask the world because we are part of it , &quot; declared Al @-@ Maliki in Washington this Thursday .
&quot; And because if what is happening in Iraq is not handled , it will spread , as will what is happening in Syria .
And what happens when the virus of terrorism is alive ? It spreads . &quot;
Noury al @-@ Maliki was speaking at the United States Institute of Peace , an independent institution created by Congress .
Outside the building , demonstrators were protesting against the Iraqi leader .
They were brandishing placards accusing him and others of being murderers and appealing to the United States to refuse to give him aid .
Cocaine @-@ addict lawyer who tipped off Mr Big about police investigation is jailed
Basharat Ditta , 42 , would feed information to crime lord Neil Scarbrough
The solicitor feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed
Was given a three @-@ year prison sentence at Liverpool Crown Court
A top defence lawyer who told a drugs Mr Big about a major police investigation , because he feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed , has been jailed for three years .
Basharat Ditta , 42 , would feed sensitive intelligence to crime lord Neil Scarbrough about inquiries into his drug trafficking activities after he became compromised by his cocaine habit .
The solicitor , who was nicknamed &quot; Bash &quot; and hailed by criminals as a &quot; top brief , &quot; was arrested at his home in 2011 following a police surveillance operation into Scarborough , who he had represented in a previous narcotics trial .
Officers spotted Sarborough , 32 , dropping off three bags of cocaine at the lawyer &apos;s home in Blackburn , Lancashire , while he was out at a Law Society dinner with colleagues .
Inquiries revealed Ditta was a &quot; regular user &quot; of the Class A drug after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair , on his wallet and on his credit cards .
Over an eight month period between January and August 2011 he sought to illicitly obtain information on the arrests of two men on behalf of Scarborough as well as one of his associates .
All four suspects were being watched by police at the time as part of a major investigation into a heroin and cocaine racket operating across Lancashire , Cumbria , Merseyside , Berkshire and West Yorkshire .
They and 32 other men were later jailed after police seized heroin and cocaine worth £ 1.5million along with more than £ 200,000 in cash during a series of raids .
Ditta , 42 , fed information to criminals because of fears his cocaine addiction would be exposed
Today at Liverpool Crown Court Ditta , who works at law firm Forbes Solicitors , based in Blackburn , was facing disgrace after being found guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice following a three week trial at Liverpool Crown Court .
He admitted cocaine possession at an earlier hearing .
The lawyer &apos;s downfall came after police investigating Scarborough discovered he had been in regular phone contact with Ditta in February 2011 .
Two detectives trailed the suspect and spotted him arriving at Ditta &apos;s house in and was seen to place the drugs which had a purity of 60 per cent under the lawyer &apos;s bins in a black golf glove .
Soon after the drop off , Scarborough was in regular phone contact with Ditta who had been out at the dinner at the Blackburn Rovers football stadium , Ewood Park .
The lawyer returned home to discover the drugs and there were nine communications between them .
The court heard Ditta was a &quot; regular user &quot; of cocaine after tests found traces of the Class A drug in his hair , wallet and on his credit cards
Ditta was arrested later but denied using cocaine and and said he had been speaking to the suspected dealer because he was his client and argued their discussions were subject to &quot; legal privilege . &quot;
During his arrest Ditta picked up his wallet and tried to remove several credit cards but they were all seized and a hair sample was taken fom him .
In a police interview he said he ran an office at his home address as well as work place and clients would call at his house on legal business .
But the court heard he would call major players in the drugs supply chain , some of whom he had previously represented , after key arrests to tell them what detectives knew about them .
Prosecuting , Anne Whyte said : &quot; If anyone should know not to the break the law , it is a criminal solicitor . &quot;
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal solicitor , having become too involved with specific clients .
The relationship we are talking about is not simply a drug dealer , but a drug dealer providing his own lawyer with drugs .
Some of his communications will undoubtedly have been legitimate ones because he was their lawyer .
But this went way beyond the ordinary confines of a lawyer @-@ client relationship .
He thwarted the police &apos;s investigation as much as possible to enable them to continue in their criminal activities .
Mr Ditta was not honouring his profession , but dishonouring it .
He got too close to certain clients , in particular Scarborough , and he allowed his independence to be compromised .
Ditta denied wrongdoing and claimed : &quot; If I was a corrupt lawyer , which I am not , and I wanted to feed information to Mr Scarborough , I would not wait 15 hours , I would do it immediately . &quot;
But after the hearing Supt Lee Halstead from Lancashire Police said : &quot; Mr Ditta turned from criminal solicitor to a criminal himself the moment he started obtaining drugs from organised criminals . &quot;
His addiction to cocaine left him hopelessly compromised and vulnerable to the motives of leading members of organised crime groups who tasked him to obtain valuable information regarding police investigations .
Solicitors should uphold the highest standards of integrity and should instil trust and confidence in the public .
Mr Ditta has betrayed this trust and attempted to hide behind the veneer of his profession .
Lancashire &apos;s Serious and Organised Crime Unit led the investigation into Mr Ditta which has also seen him convicted of three counts of possession of cocaine and now perverting the course of justice , demonstrating our commitment to bringing criminals to justice .
Let this case serve as a warning to criminals that no one is beyond the reach of the law .
We will find you and put you before the courts .
Scarborough himself was jailed for 14 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to supply heroin , cocaine and cannabis .
Thirty five other men involved in the racket were jailed for a total of 153 years for drugs offences .
On his website Ditta gave a question and answer session about himself in which he says his fantasy job would be a lawyer representing clients on Death Row in America , his ultimate dinner guest as being Mohammed Ali and inequality as his motivation for work .
Aretha Franklin Back on Stage in December
According to Detroit News , the queen of Soul will be performing at the Sound Board hall of MotorCity Casino Hotel on 21 December .
Mrs Franklin has been busy in November recording an album for Clive Davis and Sony Music , produced by Don Was and Kenny &quot; Babyface &quot; Edmonds .
Without specifying the illness she was suffering from , the star performer of &quot; Respect &quot; confirmed to the media on 16 October that the side effects of a treatment she was receiving were &quot; difficult &quot; to deal with .
She said she was &quot; happy to be back &quot; .
Menton Reduces Cost of Christmas Lights
With 420 patterned designs and 2.2 kilometers of seafront draped in a mantle of light , the bill for the illuminations in Menton could give you a bit of a shock .
What &apos;s more , unlike in many communes , the bill is met by taxpayers rather than by business associations .
The town has decided to use LEDs to reduce costs .
There has also been a change in the management of the public lighting network and Christmas decorations .
Los Angeles Airport Evacuated After Shooting
There was a shooting in Los Angeles International Airport .
A man opened fire at 10am local time .
At least two people were injured , according to local police .
One was an employee working for the United States Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) , and the other was the gunman .
The incident occurred in terminal 3 , provoking a wave of panic .
Travelers and staff rushed for the exits or onto the tarmac .
The police intervened very quickly and the suspected gunman was arrested on the roof of an airport car park .
The airport is currently being evacuated and air traffic has been suspended .
Classical Singing for Teenagers
The student body has , each time , been the target of an initiative that had a lot of success last season .
Teenagers have been given the chance to get to grips with classical singing through five short plays created and performed by regional artists - performances containing a large dose of humour .
Besides this show , the Société d &apos;Art Lyrique du Royaume will be bringing back &quot; Destinations Lyriques &quot; , a program that has been a crowd @-@ puller at La Pulperie in Chicoutimi .
Two other concerts will be held in the summer of 2014 , giving regional artists the chance to show what they are capable of .
In addition to these events , there was the Apéro Lyrique , the benefit concert held last August , with the support of coloratura soprano , Marie @-@ Eve Munger .
This , in parallel with the artistic dimension , was a benefit event which helps the non @-@ profit organisation achieve financial balance @-@ sheet that sounds as soothing to the ear as a tune from Die Fledermaus .
Without giving precise figures , the Chairperson of the Board of Directors , Yves Bergeron , used the press conference held at Chicoutimi yesterday to give assurances .
Despite the precarious situation that so many cultural institutions face , the future looks bright , even in the long term .
We have more solid and stable support .
&quot; Finances are on an even keel and we hope to see the 50th anniversary of the operetta , a milestone we will reach in seven years , &quot; the administrator remarked .
&quot; I would even say beyond that , &quot; added the general manager , Helene Gaudreault , with a smile .
A 38 @-@ year @-@ old man who took a child hostage at the Gabrielle Roy school in Surrey is facing six charges , according to the Royal Gendarmerie of Canada .
Omar Moustapha Hassan stands accused of hostage @-@ taking , hostage @-@ holding , making of verbal threats , carrying a weapon with dangerous intent , abduction and failure to follow an order .
&quot; The fast response by the police officer involved and their ability to defuse the situation immediately were critical to the safe ending of this incident , &quot; said Lance Corporal Bert Paquet in a press release .
Omar Hassan is still in detention and is due to appear in court on Friday .
New Class Action Claim Against Holy Cross Brothers
A new class action claim has been filed against the brothers of the Congregation of the Holy Cross involving sexual assaults , allegedly carried out , this time , at the Saint @-@ Joseph Oratory and several orphanages , colleges and schools .
The claim is based on the testimony of an applicant identified as &quot; J. J &quot; , who would have been masturbated in the 1950s , first at Notre @-@ Dame @-@ des @-@ Neiges by his teacher , Brother Soumis , then by his confessor , Father Bernard , at the Saint @-@ Joseph Oratory , where he was an altar boy and where his father worked as a painter .
&quot; The first action involved only three institutions , and when the ruling was announced , many people said to us : &apos; I was assaulted at so and so place , can I add my name ? &quot; says lawyer Alain Arsenault , who is defending the victims in the two actions .
The class action that has just been filed specifically enables the inclusion of plaintiffs from any institution where members of the Congregation of the Holy Cross may have been involved in abuses .
Currently , the action combines the complaints of 25 individuals who claim to have been assaulted by the brothers of the Holy Cross .
The alleged deeds generally took place before those cited in the first action as many of the institutions concerned were closed in the 1960s .
Moreover , the action specifies that the Congregation of the Holy Cross and the Saint @-@ Joseph Oratory , which is a separate entity , &quot; allowed acts of sexual abuse to be committed against children &quot; , that they &quot; exercised moral , religious and psychological constraint over the victims , &quot; and that they &quot; knew about sexual assaults committed but kept quiet &quot; and &quot; deliberately and consciously chose to ignore the problem &quot; .
The latter accusations are partly based on letters written by the lawyer of the brothers of the Holy Cross , Mr Emile Perrin QC , in the 1990s , as well as through research carried out in the archives on this subject by Brother Wilson Kennedy , a former brother of the Holy Cross who has publicly denounced the abuses .
The class action must first be deemed admissible by the Superior Court .
Once the Court has declared it admissible , it will proceed to the second stage , the preliminary hearings .
In the first action , the Congregation of the Holy Cross agreed to settle out of court before preliminary hearings were conducted .
Serious Fire in Shop
A fire caused serious damaged to a shop in the LaSalle district of Montreal on Thursday night .
The emergency services were called at around 1am on Friday for a fire which had broken out in the basement of an Indian restaurant on Dollard Avenue , near the junction with Rue Rejane .
It tool the thirty @-@ something firefighters who rushed to the scene almost an hour to bring the flames under control .
The fire &quot; caused significant damage to the structure of the building &quot; , said the chief of operations of the Montreal Fire Department , Richard Bordeaux .
The cause of the fire is unknown , however there was nobody in the restaurant when the firefighters arrived on the scene .
There were no casualties , but close to twenty flats on the first and second floors of this row of shops had to be evacuated .
The Red Cross was called in given that the residents of one of the apartments might need temporary accommodation , according to the Fire Department .
Great Opposition to Medically @-@ Assisted Death at Palliative Care Congress
The Canadian Palliative Care Congress , holding in Ottawa this week , comes several days after the vote in favour of the bill on medically @-@ assisted death in Quebec .
Several palliative care associations used the opportunity to restate their disapproval .
&quot; If every ill person had access to effective care to relieve their suffering , in addition to being able to stay at home , very few of them would wish to end their lives , &quot; said a spokesperson for the Canadian Palliative Care Association , Maryse Bouvette .
&quot; If emphasis was put on palliative care in Canada , the call for euthanasia would become minimal , &quot; she added .
The Chairperson of the Quebec Palliative Care Network also rejects the bill on medically @-@ assisted death .
Alberte Déry is concerned about the consequences for future generations if it is adopted .
&quot; What is the meaning of life ? &quot; she laments .
The majority of palliative care homes will refuse to help patients die , according to the vice @-@ president of the Alliance of Palliative Care Homes , Suzanne Fitzback .
Mrs Fitzback , who is also the director of the Mathieu @-@ Froment @-@ Savoie Home in Gatineau , thinks the service would be useless anyway .
&quot; Nobody ever says to us : &apos; I want to die , give me an injection . &quot;
The director of the Palliative Care Association of Ontario , Rick Firth , believes that the Quebec bill is confusing people with regard to the purpose of palliative care .
He does not believe that Ontario will follow suit .
Meanwhile , the liberal MP of Gatineau , Stephanie Vallee , thinks that the concept of termination of life needs to be clarified before the bill can be adopted .
Kenyan press outraged at controversial media law
&quot; It is a frightening place , and it is valid to ask : what is there to prevent Parliament from simply sweeping away the independence of the judiciary tomorrow ? &quot; the paper said , challenging the bill as unconstitutional .
&quot; This law is draconian and very punitive and we reject it , &quot; said Cyrus Kamau , managing director for Capital Group - home to CapitalFM , one of Kenya &apos;s most respected independent radio stations and news websites .
He said the new media tribunal &quot; will always be biased because it &apos;s an extension of the government , &quot; and that restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya &apos;s place in the global economy .
&quot; I hope the president will listen to us , and we appeal to him to reject this bill and return it to the MPs , &quot; he said .
According to The Star newspaper , the new bill will effectively hand the government &quot; a stranglehold over the media , &quot; while The Standard said democracy and free speech in Kenya had been &quot; dealt a major blow &quot; and lambasted the bill as &quot; draconian . &quot;
The passing of the bill comes amid a string of measures to reinforce national security in the wake of the September &apos;s attack by Islamist gunmen on the Westgate shopping mall .
Kenya media drew the ire of authorities by broadcasting security camera footage of troops who were dispatched to the scene of the attack purportedly robbing the upmarket mall .
Police chief David Kimaiyo reacted by summoning two journalists and a media executive for questioning , although the summons was retracted following a media outcry .
Under the new bill , media houses can be fined up to 20 million Kenyan shillings and individual journalists up to one million with the additional risk of being &quot; de @-@ listed , &quot; or barred from receiving official press accreditation .
The tribunal also has the power to seize the property of an offender if a fine is not paid .
According to the Daily Nation , &quot; even one fine is enough to cripple most FM stations . &quot;
It also said the measures could have a devastating effect on what it described as Kenya &apos;s &quot; lively blogosphere . &quot;
By silencing the media , politicians know they can do whatever they like with impunity .
&quot; No one will ever know , &quot; wrote Nation journalist Mutuma Mathiu , describing the Kenyan media as a key source of checks and balances in public life .
&quot; Left to themselves , politicians would bankrupt the country and take us back to hunting and gathering , &quot; he wrote .
Kenyan lawmakers have been the target of public anger in the past .
In May they voted to overturn cuts ordered by the national salaries commission and reinstate their hefty salaries of around 532,000 shillings a month tax @-@ free - ranked among the highest in the world .
Difficult Year for Pharmacists
The departure of almost 10 pharmacists from the Centre for Health and Social Services ( CSSS ) in Laval has caused turmoil amidst the managers of the Cité @-@ de @-@ la @-@ Santé hospital in the year 2012 @-@ 2013 .
The pharmacy department has been left seriously short @-@ staffed following multiple departures due to retirement , maternity leave or , simply , resignations .
There is a staff shortage of almost 30 % , making the financial year &quot; very difficult &quot; according to department head , Gillian Beaudet .
Even so , the CSSS has decided not to employ independent labour , which could be up to three times more expensive than taking on a full @-@ time pharmacist .
&quot; We didn &apos;t resort to a stop @-@ gap solution , &quot; explained Beaudet .
&quot; We consolidated or reduced some of our activities within the institution to get around while waiting for things to fall back in place .
We clearly worked hard on trying to persuade our young &#91; pharmacy residents &#93; to come and stay here .
A combination of circumstances put us in a difficult situation last year . &quot;
Improved situation
After this difficult period , 2013 @-@ 2014 looks like a definitely easier one for the pharmacy department at the CSSS .
Three pharmacists have already returned to work after maternity leave and three others have been taken on in recent months .
In addition , the efforts made by the department to hold on to staff have paid off , as the four students currently in residence in Laval have also decided to stay on at the CSSS .
&quot; Things are going much better now , &quot; stressed the pharmacist .
&quot; By the end of the financial year , we will have seven new pharmacists and three back from maternity leave .
So that will fill the gaps we had last year . &quot;
Need still growing
However , the situation is still precarious .
Several factors , such as the shortage of pharmacists in hospitals or a predominance of young women in the profession , make situations like that experienced in 2012 difficult to predict .
&quot; For us &#91; the number of staff &#93; is always precarious as this is a young environment where a lot of young women are being employed . So in terms of pregnancies , you can always count on three people being on maternity leave when things are going well , &quot; she added .
&quot; Last year there were many more and there were no pharmacists available to replace them , so it was more difficult . &quot;
22 @-@ year @-@ old Top Model Starts Acting Career in Grand Style .
The director Lars von Trier chose her to play the young Charlotte Gainsbourg in his next film , Nymphomaniac .
This pornographic drama in eight chapters that will be released in two parts ( on January 1st and 8th ) deals with the erotic memories of a forty @-@ year @-@ old hooked on sex since her adolescence .
Stacy Martin &apos;s resemblance to her elder sister is striking : a twig @-@ like figure , a transparent complexion and Franco @-@ English origins .
And she likes taking risks - the girl who did not hesitate to pose naked on glossy paper will be exposing herself in much more nefarious situations on the big screen .
An excerpt from Nymphomaniac caused a lot of excitement on the Internet : it shows Stacy Martin in the middle of a climax in bed with Shia LaBeouf .
The provocative filmmaker may have asked his actors to put their shame to one side , but he had to use X @-@ rated film professionals for the most daring sex scenes , before merging the bodies digitally : the top half is the star , the bottom half is the double .
From Björk to Charlotte Gainsbourg through Nicole Kidman , Lars von Trier has a habit of pushing his actresses to the limit , always in a bid to achieve the best .
Stacy Martin is not done being the topic of conversations .
CGR Theatre in Narbonne Evacuated on Thursday Evening
The first showing of a film at the Mega CGR theatre in Narbonne was interrupted on Thursday evening out of precaution after viewers reported a tingling sensation in the throat .
The theatre director immediately began an evacuation procedure and called the fire brigade to check out a suspicious smell .
Around 70 people were evacuated from the viewing .
They were examined , and a thorough check of the cinema revealed nothing .
Was it a bad joke involving tear gas ?
Or was it an involuntary incident ?
Either way , the management of the theatre decided to implement the principle of precaution and put the safety of its customers first .
The cinema was ventilated and everyone returned in good order .
The cinema was able to show itself in a good light and the customers could continue enjoying events unfolding ...
but , on the screen only .
Woman Tries Smuggling 2kg of Cocaine Inside Pumpkins
Taking advantage of Halloween , a woman tried to smuggle two kilos of cocaine hidden inside pumpkins into the country through Montreal @-@ Trudeau Airport on Thursday morning .
The drugs were detected when passenger luggage was checked .
The cocaine was split between three pumpkins that had been previously hollowed out .
The drugs were subsequently taken to the office of the Royal Gendarmerie of Canada ( GRC ) , which then took over the investigation .
The Canada Border Services Agency ( CBSA ) did not reveal where the woman had been travelling from when she was intercepted .
&quot; That is part of the investigation , &quot; indicated Jacqueline Roby , spokesperson for the CBSA .
&quot; What I can tell you is that she was entering the country . &quot;
Since the start of 2013 , the Canada Border Services Agency at Montreal @-@ Trudeau Airport has conducted 173 drugs seizures , of which 10 involved seizures of cocaine totaling 44 kilograms .
In 2012 the Border Services Agency for the province of Quebec made 1,653 seizures of narcotics .
Air Raid Against Military Installations in Syria
Israeli aircrafts entered Lebanese air space early on Wednesday afternoon , but did not carry out attacks until the evening , according to the Lebanese army .
A cargo of short range SA @-@ 8 ground @-@ to @-@ air missiles was targeted and destroyed .
This latest raid by the Israeli air force in Syrian territory ( the sixth since the start of the year , according to the Israeli daily newspaper , Haaretz ) has been confirmed neither by Israel nor Syria .
The raid took place under circumstances almost identical to that of July 5 : on that occasion , it was also an unnamed American official who confirmed to CNN an Israeli attack that targeted Yakhont ground @-@ to @-@ air missiles supplied to Damascus by Russia .
Israeli officials made no attempt to hide their anger when Washington revealed the attack , at the risk of forcing President Assad to respond .
Ukraine Close to Economic Collapse
Rating agency , Standard &amp; Poor &apos;s , reduced Ukraine &apos;s credit rating on Friday , casting a doubt on the ability of the former Soviet republic , which has been in recession for a year , to meet its financial obligations .
The government debt rating moved to B- , further down into the category of speculative investments .
This rating is accompanied by a negative outlook , with S &amp; P seeing at least one chance in three that it will downgrade the rating again in the next year .
&quot; It is increasingly unlikely that the government &apos;s strategy will make it possible to sufficiently guarantee foreign currencies to meet its increased external financial commitments , &quot; explained the American agency .
The agency notes that Ukraine &apos;s foreign exchange reserves fell by 26 % between September 2012 and September 2013 , and the trend is expected to continue .
This complicates the repayment of credit from abroad .
These reserves , which the authorities have had to use extensively to support the local currency , the hryvnia , are collapsing , leading to the agency considering devaluation more and more likely , which would inflate the country &apos;s foreign debt .
Moreover , Kiev needs liquid assets to pay for its gas imports from Russia , which accuses it of not having paid a bill of 882 million dollars .
The announcement comes as bad news for the Ukrainian government in a period of serious tension with its Russian neighbour , which is furious with Kiev &apos;s willingness to sign an association agreement with the EU at the end of November .
This was made public the day after the publication of official statistics showing that the country &apos;s economy had suffered its fifth consecutive quarterly drop between July and September .
Its debt , which is still relatively modest , has exploded in recent years . S &amp; P estimates it as 33.5 % of the GDP , as opposed to 10 % prior to the crisis of 2008 @-@ 2009 .
Experiencing a budgetary deficit , the country has been asking for aid from the International Monetary Fund for months . The latter , in 2010 , had given the former a 15,300 million dollars loan , but this time it has released just 3,400 million .
The IMF is refusing to pay any further installments until the country has adopted unpopular reforms to reduce its deficit , especially by increasing the price of gas for the population .
Following a fruitless mission to the country , the IMF noted this week that &quot; the significant need for external finance &quot; represented &quot; a weakness &quot; , even though there were &quot; signs of economic improvement &quot; .
However , for the economist , Oleksandr Joloud , from the Centre for Political Studies , &quot; no improvement can be expected in the short term &quot; .
&quot; There is little hope of unpopular reforms being made in a pre @-@ election year , &quot; said the expert in an AFP interview . Presidential elections are planned for 2015 .
The only hope is for an improvement in international circumstances .
S &amp; P notes , furthermore , the &quot; uncertainty &quot; linked to the possible signing of an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which for Brussels is conditional on the release of opposition leader Yulia Timochenko .
&quot; Signing the agreement would be good for business in the long term , but it might have negative consequences in the short term in relation to Russia &apos;s reaction , &quot; explained S &amp; P , which is concerned Moscow may introduce &quot; trade restrictions &quot; .
Russia , which is responsible for a quarter of Ukrainian exports , has warned that if a free trade area is created between the EU and Kiev , it will have to reinforce its border controls for imported goods .
US Green @-@ lights Publicis @-@ Omnicom Merger
Publicis and Omnicom said on Friday that they had not received any objection from the American authorities to their plans to merge , thus bringing closer the creation of the world &apos;s biggest advertising agency .
The merger brings together the world &apos;s second largest agency , Omnicom , and the third largest , Publicis .
&quot; The Omnicom Group and Publicis Group today announced the expiry of the period of investigation into the previously announced merger of the Publicis Group and Omnicom , under the Hart @-@ Scott @-@ Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 , as amended , &quot; the two groups announced in a press release .
They specified that they had also received the necessary authorisations from Canada , India and Turkey , in addition to those from South Africa and South Korea .
The expiry of the period of investigation provided for by the HSR in the United States and the authorisation decisions issued in the other jurisdictions satisfy many of the conditions necessary for the move to take place .
&quot; The merger is also conditional upon obtaining other regulatory authorisations and the approval of the two groups &apos; shareholders , &quot; they add .
Congolese Army Hunts Down M23 Rebels
The Congolese army ( FARDC ) announced on Thursday that its units would be hunting down M23 rebels right up to their bases located in the forests and mountains of North Kivu , which borders Rwanda and Uganda .
The M23 appears to be on the verge of defeat , having been driven out of the towns in the northeast of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( RDC ) , which it had been in control of since the start of the uprising 20 months ago .
&quot; We will pursue the M23 and drive it out of wherever it is hiding because they are criminals , &quot; Colonel Olivier Hamuli , spokesman for the FARDC , declared to Reuters .
&quot; We must not allow them to regroup because they have been making the Congolese people suffer for too long .
The time has come for peace to be restored . &quot;
Leaders of the M23 say they evacuated the towns under diplomatic pressure and Bertrand Bisimwa , political leader of the rebellion , asserted on RFI that these military setbacks would not change its demands at the peace talks in any way .
According to the Ugandan mediators , talks between the government in Kinshasa and the M23 resumed in Kampala on Wednesday , .
Skirmishes were reported in the hills above Bunagana , the last town in the hands of the rebels to fall this week , and around Runyoni , a hill where the M23 rebellion started in 2012 .
At their peak in November , the insurgents occupied Goma , the capital of the province of North Kivu , taking advantage of the retreat of the government garrison and the inaction of the Monusco blue berets .
The fall of Goma led the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the largest in the world in terms of numbers , to reinforce its mandate and form a rapid intervention force consisting of soldiers from South Africa , Malawi and Tanzania .
Meanwhile , FARDC staff has been reshuffled and the army has gone on the offensive against the M23 , changing the course of the war .
The rate of progress of the government troops today is unprecedented .
&quot; The M23 seems to be nearing its end , &quot; predicted an expert in Congolese affairs , Jason Stearns , on his blog Congo Siasa .
This would be historic - it would be the first time that the government in Kinshasa has succeeded in quashing a major insurrection .
And it would also be the first time since 1996 that there is no armed group allied to Rwanda present in the east of the RDC .
United Nations experts accuse Rwanda of providing military support to the M23 , which has initially made up of mutinous former Congolese soldiers . Rwanda vehemently denies this .
The British Foreign Secretary , William Hague , called on the Rwandan President Paul Kagame to show restraint , a Foreign Office spokesman announced .
Last week , Kigali raised the possibility of military retaliation after shells landed in Rwandan territory .
On Wednesday , the inhabitants of Bunagana took to the streets of the town to welcome the entry of the FARDC troops .
&quot; We have been living with the M23 for a year and it seemed unimaginable that we would one day be freed by the army , &quot; said an inhabitant of the town on the border with Uganda .
&quot; We have been living in terror &#91; of the M23 &#93; , we are traumatised , &quot; the man added .
Tests carried out by the Pasteur Institute on a patient suspected of being infected by the coronavirus turned out negative , the Ministry of Health has announced .
It specified that &quot; the two cases identified in May 2013 remain the only confirmed cases in France to date . &quot;
The 43 @-@ year @-@ old patient had been suspected of being infected on Tuesday , after returning from a trip to Saudi Arabia , where the disease has already killed about fifty people .
Chevron , the second largest oil company in America , announced a drop in quarterly profits on Friday , as a result of a reduction in its refining margins , although its production of oil and gas increased while still being below the group &apos;s target .
Its net profit for the third quarter went down to $ 4,950 million , or $ 2.57 per share , as opposed to $ 5,250 million , or $ 2.69 per share , the previous year .
Analysts questioned by Reuters were counting on an average profit of $ 2.71 per share .
The group produced 2.59 million oil @-@ equivalent barrels per day during the course of the quarter , an increase compared to the 2.52 million barrels per day produced a year before .
The company is targeting 2.65 million barrels per day for this year , with an increase of 25 % in production planned by 2017 .
The majority of the growth in the years to come will come from its liquefied natural gas schemes in Australia .
Because of the cost of these schemes , annual investment costs have gone up by seven thousand million dollars in two years and are expected to reach 36,700 million dollars in 2013 .
The profits from production activities went down slightly in the third quarter , while profits from downstream activities ( including refining and chemical production ) fell 45 % to 380 million dollars .
The reduction in refining margins is affecting the entire sector .
Chevron &apos;s main competitor , Exxon , also announced a drop in net profits on Thursday , despite an increase in its gas and oil production .
School Transport : Complaint Judged Admissible
Since the beginning of the academic year , the Sherbrooke Region School Board ( CSRS ) has been demanding a $ 150 fee per student ( to a maximum of $ 300 per family ) for students using school transport to get to two addresses , a service that the organisation offers when it is able to .
No financial contribution had been demanded prior to the changes made to the last budget .
&quot; The Board proposed a mediation service and I was interested , &quot; says Mrs Lefevre .
According to her , the CSRS was invited to a mediation and she asked for an additional period for consideration .
&quot; It is always better to discuss , consult and find solutions such issues , &quot; Mrs Lefevre believes .
The Sherbrooke Region School Board ( CSRS ) did not wish to comment on the issue .
The organisation merely indicated that the mediation was part of a process arising from a complaint .
Row Over Closure of Emergency Unit at Hôtel @-@ Dieu
In light of the rebellion that has been running for several months involving a section of the staff and several unions , including the CGT , the Minister of Health , Marisol Touraine , decided on July 10 to &quot; put back the schedule for implementing the project and , in particular , the date for closing the emergency unit which cannot take place on November 4 &quot; .
This was an official request made so as &quot; not to run any risks when dealing with emergency services in Paris at the start of winter &quot; , but also aimed at avoiding to hinder the Socialist Party &apos;s campaign a few months before local elections .
Despite the minister &apos;s instructions , the closure is nevertheless expected to take effect on this date .
At the APHP , officials prefer the term &quot; transformation &quot; or &quot; change in continuity &quot; to closure .
From November 4 , the units of the fire brigade , which accounted for a quarter of the 40,000 cases brought to the emergency unit of the Hôtel @-@ Dieu each year , will all have received instructions to take their about thirty serious cases per day to the emergency units of other hospitals in Paris .
November 4 is also the day on which hospital training resumes .
At the Hôtel @-@ Dieu , interns specialising in emergencies will make way for five general medicine interns on Monday .
The transfer of internal medicine beds is scheduled for some point during the month .
&quot; The Hôtel @-@ Dieu emergency service has to close as soon as possible , and for us , that &apos;s November 4 , &quot; Loïc Capron , the chairperson of the medical committee ( CME ) at the APHP which supports the management project , says straightforwardly .
&quot; On November 4 , patients will no longer be brought by the fire brigade , there will only be people arriving by their own means , &quot; confirms Professor Jean @-@ Yves Fagon , chief medical officer at the new Hôtel @-@ Dieu .
&quot; However , we will continue accepting emergency cases , &quot; he tempers , emphasising the permanent presence of emergency medical service vehicles on site to move critical cases .
&quot; Senior emergency doctors will remain on site , &quot; he also assures .
But the decision to close the emergency service resides with the regional health agency ( ARS ) .
&quot; Things are moving gradually , &quot; says Nicolas Péju , spokesman for the ARS , for whom &quot; there will be no change in terms of the service offered &quot; , come November 4 .
&quot; The minister has either lied to us or has been lied to , &quot; laments emergency medical officer , Gérald Kierzek .
Dismissed from his position as head of emergency services in early July for taking a stand against the reorganisation project , he defines himself as a &quot; whistle @-@ blower &quot; in the face of a &quot; cynical &quot; decision taken by the &quot; technical medical administration body &quot; .
&quot; They are in the process of abandoning and killing off emergency units that were reformed less than five years ago , &quot; he believes .
For him , &quot; if the other emergency services in Paris were able to absorb the surplus , there wouldn &apos;t be a problem . &quot;
But they are regularly saturated .
For example , there is sometimes a nine hour wait at the emergency unit at Lariboisière .
The ARS stresses that thirty patients &quot; despatched &quot; to several locations does not run the risk of becoming an &quot; avalanche &quot; for the other emergency services , where human resources would have been reinforced anyway .
The ARS , like the APHP , is defending the &quot; new hospital model &quot; which started being implemented on October 7 and is expected to continue taking 30,000 to 35,000 patients a year .
By the end of the year , self @-@ employed GPs are also expected to participate in the implementation of an &quot; ambulatory care service &quot; .
&quot; Where are we heading if we start asking people to self @-@ diagnose ? &quot; asks Gérald Kierzek , for whom &quot; the concept of a non @-@ major emergency &quot; is &quot; dangerous &quot; and marks a &quot; medical step backwards &quot; .
&quot; The same thing will happen as with level 3 maternity units .
People are not stupid , they will go wherever the best care is offered . &quot;
&quot; If the minister does not take a step by Monday , we will take a different approach , &quot; warns Christophe Prudhomme , emergency medical officer and member of the healthcare CGT .
&quot; We will have a greater presence in the local election campaigns and we will think about putting up a list . &quot;
In Nathalie Kosciusko @-@ Morizet &apos;s team , Vincent Roger , a UMP councillor in Paris and MP of the 4th arrondissement , states clearly that &quot; even if the UMP in Paris supports the continuation of emergency services at Hôtel @-@ Dieu , it would be technically and financially impossible to reopen them if you look at the duties . &quot;
Ann Hidalgo , the Socialist Party &apos;s candidate , repeated on Monday morning on France Inter that she was in favour of a moratorium to prevent the closure on November 4 .
If it went ahead , she would register her clear disagreement , stresses Bruno Juillard , her spokesman .
&quot; Even though the reorganisation of the Hôtel @-@ Dieu has an underlying justification , we cannot let this happen without an acceptable plan for the transfer of patients to other hospitals . &quot;
Obama Ends Spying on IMF and World Bank
Barack Obama has ordered the National Security Agency ( NSA ) to stop tapping the lines of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank as part of its intelligence activities , said an American official on Thursday .
This decision is part of attempts by the White House to resume control of the NSA phone @-@ tapping affair following revelations by the former analyst , Edward Snowden , who has taken refuge in Russia .
This is the first time that surveillance of the IMF and World Bank by the intelligence agency has been mentioned since the start of the scandal .
When asked about this , an official of the American administration replied : &quot; The United States is not conducting electronic surveillance aimed at offices of the World Bank and IMF in Washington . &quot;
Talking under the cloak of anonymity , the official did not specify whether such surveillance had taken place in the past .
Another official indicated that Barack Obama had given the order to stop these practices during recent weeks .
The instruction was given at almost the same time as that putting an end to phone @-@ tapping of the UN headquarters in New York .
In this regard , the Senate Intelligence Committee approved strengthening of the controls on government surveillance programmes on Thursday , but still authorised them to proceed .
The committee introduced new restrictions on the data that the intelligence services were authorised to collect and imposed a limit of five years on the length of time they could hold such data .
UN hails new goals to tackle poverty
The United Nations is to start work immediately on a new set of goals to replace the millennium development goals , which were put place 12 years ago to tackle global poverty .
Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for &quot; sustainable development goals &quot; to replace the MDGs , which expire in 2015 , ahead of the UN sustainable development summit that began in Rio de Janeiro overnight .
They were included in the final draft of the document , which will be endorsed by world leaders including Ms Gillard during the summit .
UN Secretary @-@ General Ban Ki @-@ moon told the summit overnight that now is the time to &quot; rise above national interests . &quot;
&quot; I am pleased that member states have agreed to launch and take ownership of a process to establish universal sustainable development goals - SDGs , &quot; he said .
These SDGs will build on our advances under the millennium development goals , and they will be an integral part of the post @-@ 2015 development framework .
I will spare no effort to implement the mandate given to me by member states to realise our vision of sustainable development goals that build on the success of the MDGs .
Mozambique security concerns mount as powerful personalities clash
With a statue of Samora Machel , Mozambique &apos;s founding president , staring down on them , thousands of people gathered in central Maputo to chant peace slogans in a rare public demonstration .
&quot; We want peace back ; we want stability , &quot; said Vanessa de Sousa , chief executive of an investment company .
Fearful about the future of her country , she swapped her corporate attire for a T @-@ shirt emblazoned with &quot; we demand security &quot; in Portuguese as she joined the crowds in the capital &apos;s Independence Square on Thursday .
For two weeks , there have been almost daily reports of clashes between government forces and Renamo , some of the worst skirmishes since a peace deal more than 20 years ago .
Renamo was once a notorious rebel movement , initially backed by white @-@ ruled Rhodesia and then South Africa &apos;s apartheid government as part of efforts to destabilise the country &apos;s independent government .
After a 1992 peace deal , it became an opposition party .
Analysts believe the country is unlikely to slide back into full @-@ blown conflict , but recent events have unnerved foreign investors and locals .
The stakes are high for the fast @-@ growing economy as the discovery of huge offshore gas reserves and coal deposits in the northwest could bring in more than $ 50bn of investment over the next few next years from companies including Rio Tinto , Vale of Brazil , Eni of Italy and Anadarko of the US .
The ruling Frelimo party , the dominant political force since 1975 , and Renamo blame each other for the tension .
Renamo says the government initiated the latest clashes by launching an attack on its members in Sofala province , traditionally a Renamo stronghold , on October 17 .
Assaults on the former rebels then escalated as government forces attacked Renamo bases and attempted to kill Afonso Dhlakama , the group &apos;s leader , Fernando Mazanga , Renamo &apos;s spokesman , told the Financial Times .
The government blames Renamo for triggering the clashes , accusing it of attacking soldiers .
President Armando Guebuza has sought to play down concerns about instability .
Mr Guebuza told AFP , the French news agency , on Wednesday that Mr Dhlakama saw himself as a &quot; loser &quot; who wanted to use &quot; whatever remains of his forces to try to prove that he can impose on the government his own decisions . &quot;
Both Frelimo and Renamo insist they want to avoid war .
But concerns have grown after Mr Mazanga was quoted as saying Renamo was abandoning the 1992 peace accord .
He told the FT that he meant the agreement was no longer being respected by Frelimo .
&quot; Our vision is to come back to negotiations , but with seriousness , &quot; Mr Mazanga said .
Previous talks between the parties have done little to ease tensions fuelled by a series of clashes this year .
&quot; It &apos;s two big men ( Guebuza and Dhlakama ) butting heads together , &quot; said Joseph Hanlon , a lecturer at the Open University and Mozambique expert .
Neither of them are good negotiators and neither of them are prepared to make the kind of concessions that are necessary .
Renamo , which has been pushing for electoral reforms , had already said that it would boycott municipal elections due in November .
Presidential and parliamentary polls are scheduled for next year .
Some commentators have interpreted its use of force as the attempt of an ailing movement to win concessions and financial spoils from the government .
Renamo &apos;s share of the vote has been declining since 1992 , while a newer party , the Democratic Movement of Mozambique ( MDM ) which was formed by a former Renamo member , is expected to improve its showing at the elections .
Mr Mazanga says Mr Guebuza - who is due to step down when his second term ends next year - wants to destroy the country &apos;s democracy .
&quot; He does not want multi @-@ party democracy , he does not want transparent elections he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency , &quot; Mr Mazanga said .
It is unclear how much capacity Renamo has , but it has carried out disruptive hit @-@ and @-@ run attacks on police stations and vehicles on a key north @-@ south highway .
Most of the skirmishes have taken place in Sofala province , which is several hundred kilometres north of Maputo , but hosts Beira , the port that miners , including Rio Tinto and Vale , rely on to export coal .
In June , Rio suspended its use of the railway for about a week after Renamo threatened to attack the line .
Mr Mazanga was coy when asked about whether Renamo would repeat this threat .
Renamo wanted to &quot; warn the international community that things were not going well in Mozambique , &quot; Mr Mazanga said .
The instability has added to frustrations with the government , says Fernando Lima , head of Mediacoop , an independent media company , with many people also concerned about corruption , the slow pace of development and a recent spate of kidnappings .
&quot; People think the ones responsible for the future of the country are the government and the president , and he should be the one to find solutions for the problems , &quot; he says .
Omar Sultuane , a demonstrator , said people just wanted stability .
&quot; No one cares about Renamo and Frelimo , they just want peace again , they want free access to the roads , &quot; he said .
Children should be taught myths and legends as &quot; models for a way of life &quot; , author says .
Tales of Thor could show &quot; brute strength is no match for subtle trickery , &quot; while the Arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream .
Saying many of the myths would be &quot; far too wild , far too scandalous and in some cases far too filthy to be taught in schools , &quot; Crossley @-@ Holland advocated a &quot; careful selection &quot; of age @-@ appropriate works .
&quot; I find it wonderful that in America , myth and folklore already has a part in education , &quot; he said .
I have been advocating it as a plan for twenty years .
He added authors and teachers being &quot; overtly didactic &quot; is a &quot; total switch @-@ off &quot; for children , with messages being &quot; subliminated &quot; in enjoyable stories .
Crossley @-@ Holland , who has translated Beowulf from Anglo @-@ Saxon as well as writing the Penguin Book of Norse Myths and British Folk Tales , said : &quot; You may well have intentions but you do better to keep them well out of sight . &quot;
Perhaps the big difference between an adult author writing for an adult and an adult author writing for a child is the necessity for some sense of hope .
Not that everything has to be simplified or come to a happy ending , but that there is an innate sense of good and evil .
And that must be subliminated ; revealed through a story rather than stated .
The old basis of showing not telling .
A fighter of Hamas &apos; armed wing was killed this evening and another wounded by Israeli tank fire in the Gaza Strip , medical and security sources in Gaza report .
According to these sources , the activists were conducting a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian territory and Israel , when they were shelled by an Israeli tank .
NSA Spying : The United States &quot; went too far , &quot; Kerry admits
The United States sometimes went &quot; too far &quot; with its espionage activities , Secretary of State John Kerry recognised in the first admission from Washington , which is deep in controversy with Europe over the massive collection of data by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
After ten days of scandal , revelations and denials between the United States and its European allies , this is the first time that an official of the American government has explicitly admitted controversial activities in the NSA &apos;s interception of communications and data in Europe .
&quot; In certain cases , I acknowledge , as does the President , that some of these activities went too far and we guarantee that this will not happen in the future , &quot; declared John Kerry at a conference in London that he was participating in from Washington via a video link on Thursday October 31 .
In his relayed speech , and in the presence of his British counterpart , William Hague , the head of the American diplomatic service justified at length the intelligence practices and collection of data as part of the necessary fight against terrorism and the prevention of possible attacks .
Citing the attacks of 11 September 2001 , the attacks in Madrid in March 2004 and those in London in July 2005 , John Kerry assured that the American authorities had since thwarted numerous planned attacks thanks to the interception of communications and the collection of data .
&quot; We have prevented planes being brought down , buildings being blown up and people being murdered , because we have been able to stay informed prior to these attacks , &quot; the head of the American diplomatic service argued .
Furthermore , John Kerry stated in his address to the Europeans , &quot; I assure you that no innocent person has been misled during this process . &quot;
Yet America strives to collate data .
&quot; Yes , in certain cases , this went too far in an inappropriate manner , &quot; the Secretary of State again admitted , having already had to make a statement on the international scandal during a tour in Paris , London and Rome last week .
On Thursday evening , he asserted that President Obama had &quot; resolved to try to clarify the matter and had initiated a re @-@ examination of these practices to ensure that no @-@ one felt misled &quot; .
But the controversy between the Americans and Europeans continued to grow this week with new revelations in the press .
According to the Washington Post , the NSA has been intercepting data of hundreds of millions of Google and Yahoo users .
The newspaper , which quotes documents obtained by the former NSA consultant , Edward Snowden , stated that the programme dubbed &quot; MUSCULAR &quot; and conducted in conjunction with the British counterpart of the NSA , the GCHQ , enabled the two agencies to gather data from the fibre @-@ optic cables used by Internet giants .
According to one of the documents , some 181 million items were collected during the month of January alone - ranging from meta data on emails to text elements or audio and video files .
These interceptions apparently took place outside the USA .
However , Yahoo and Google have denied any involvement in these practices .
For ten days now , a number of major newspapers in France , Germany , Spain and Italy have been revealing that the NSA had intercepted massive quantities of data and communications emanating from allies of the United States and their leaders , in particular the German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Following the outrage of the European states , and even though leaks to the American press stated that the American President was not up @-@ to @-@ date with these spying activities , Barack Obama has refused to comment on the matter , citing national security .
On the other hand , the head of the powerful NSA , General Keith Alexander , denied that his intelligence agency had captured tens of millions of communications from European citizens .
He even pointed the finger back at the European intelligence services who allegedly got hold of these communications before passing them on to the NSA .
This concerned &quot; military operations &quot; in countries where the NATO allies are cooperating with the United States and this absolutely did not target Europe , according to General Alexander .
The discord spread to Asia on Friday .
Indonesia summoned the Australian ambassador , whose mission is accused of being used by the Americans as part of a vast international espionage network , which has also aroused the ire of China .
Paris Saint @-@ Germain will face Lorient on Friday without its trump card , the Swede Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who is suffering from an injury , the Ligue 1 club announced in a press release .
PSG , who are top of the league ahead of Monaco on goal difference , issued the team sheet for the match , which is the 12th of the season , on which the 32 @-@ year @-@ old striker did not appear .
The press release said only that he is &quot; injured &quot; , without saying what the injury was .
However , he was suffering from an inflammation on the left knee following his return from international duty this month .
Ceremony in Memory of the Cremated
The Père Lachaise crematorium is organizing a lay ceremony at 11am in memory of all those cremated at the establishment this year .
Anne Hidalgo , socialist candidate for Paris mayorship , is expected to attend and will later explain her proposals on funerary matters at a press conference .
Click above to watch the ceremony .
More and more French people are choosing cremation for their own funerals rather than inhumation - 53 % against 47 % , according to an Ipsos survey carried out on September 6 and 7 among 1,009 people .
It is the opposite for the funeral of a loved one - the French prefer inhumation ( 53 % against 47 % ) .
Only 15 % of those who lose a child choose cremation .
In his book , La Mort en Cendres , Damien Le Guay , philosopher and vice @-@ chairperson of the Comité National d &apos;Ethique du Funéraire emphasises the &quot; violence &quot; that cremation represents for those left behind .
With cremation , there is a sense of &quot; violence committed against the body of a loved one &quot; , which will be &quot; reduced to a pile of ashes &quot; in a very short time instead of after a process of decomposition that &quot; would accompany the stages of grief &quot; .
There is also a &quot; symbolic violence &quot; that relates to the &quot; obliteration of the person &apos;s singularity and of distinctive symbols &quot; , which are reduced to the &quot; anonymity &quot; of ashes .
Why is this accepted without difficulty in certain Nordic and protestant countries , but is still taken badly in France ?
&quot; Because cremation is a recent development , &quot; says Marie @-@ Frédérique Bacqué , president of the Thanatological Society and author of the book Apprivoiser la Mort .
The Catholic Church only started tolerating it in 1963 , a fact that has restricted efforts at getting to grips with it .
For François Michaud @-@ Nérard , director general of Funerary Services for the City of Paris , getting to grips with cremation is about giving the deceased a ceremony as dignified as it would have been with an inhumation .
The annual Ipsos survey shows the strength of attachment to the arrangement of the ceremony .
77 % of French want one for their loved ones , be it religious ( 53 % ) or civil ( 24 % ) .
Nowadays , 73 % of people choosing cremation want a ceremony to be arranged .
66 % of atheists or non @-@ believers also want one .
Crematoria have adapted to this change in society .
&quot; For a decade or so , they have been trying hard to spare families from the feeling of violence in waiting for an hour and a half , doing nothing , followed immediately by their being handed the ashes , &quot; observes Michaud @-@ Nérard .
70 % of establishments now offer a master of ceremonies to conduct the following ritual in the presence of the body : greet the congregation , mention the deceased by name , connect the deceased to those present , evoke who the person was , give sense to their death , organise a farewell .
This is what has been happening at the Père Lachaise crematorium since 1998 .
The masters of ceremonies are often people who have moved into this new type of employment .
There are also former Catholic priests .
It is in this context that , since 2010 , the Père Lachaise crematorium has been organising a number of memorial ceremonies , lay and non @-@ religious , on All Saints Day , to which it invites the families of all those who have been cremated during the course of the year .
For the second consecutive year , one of these ceremonies has been relayed online , for those could not attend .
The crematorium has authorised us to broadcast it .
Rehousing Due to Rats Causes Strife in La Seyne
At the start of this week , a family abandoned its ground floor apartment in building Fructidor D2 because of the presence of rats .
In view of the urgency of the situation , the director of the Terres du Sud Habitat office offered to provide exceptional , provisional rehousing for the couple and their three children in a new four @-@ room house .
However , the family refused &quot; for financial reasons &quot; and the situation is at stalemate .
&quot; The matter has become exaggerated , &quot; thinks Joël Canapa , office director .
&quot; There have always been rats in towns .
The rat extermination company conducts two operations per year . Furthermore , we intervene at our own cost whenever there is a complaint from residents .
Hence we have carried out 64 operations since last winter .
The area has not been abandoned and rats are not swarming into the town .
Due to environmental protection and public health concerns , rat extermination products are four times less efficient than in the past , but we are not going to kill a kid for the sake of two rats . &quot;
&quot; We didn &apos;t invite the rats in , &quot; counters the father of the family , which left its home and moved into a hotel .
&quot; We will soon be penniless and we are waiting for a new house at the same rate as the old one . &quot;
News : Tokyo Stock Exchange Closes 0.88 % Down
The Tokyo stock exchange was down at closing time on Friday , in spite of good manufacturing figures from China .
The list suffered as a result of the decline of the dollar against the yen , which is harmful to export values , and of the annual profit warning issued by Sony on Thursday .
The Nikkei index dropped 126.37 points ( 0.88 % ) to 14,201.57 and the Topix was 11.23 points ( 0.94 % ) down , at 1,183.03 .
Sony dropped more than 11 % to 1,668 yen .
House Engulfed in Flames in Old Quebec
A fire that started at midday on Friday in Old Quebec was quickly brought under control .
More than thirty firemen rushed to 9 Rue Hébert .
The fire started in a three @-@ apartment house on four floors , situated behind the yard of the Quebec Seminary .
All the tenants were out when the fire started .
The fire was brought under control an hour after the firemen who arrived in their numbers to intervene .
As soon as the first firemen arrived , they could clearly see the smoke .
&quot; The alarms went off one after the other as it took reinforcements to deal with the building , because the buildings here are close together , &quot; explained France Loiselle , spokesperson for the Quebec fire service .
An investigation is under way to find the cause of the fire .
Ben Greenman : The Tenth Anniversary of the New York Comedy Festival : The New Yorker
One could argue that New York City is the birthplace of standup comedy in America : nearly a hundred years ago , the vaudevillian Frank Fay , who served as the master of ceremonies at the Palace Theatre , on Broadway , started telling jokes directly to the crowd , in a conversational manner .
Fay &apos;s innovation has been extended through the years , most recently by the New York Comedy Festival .
Created and overseen by Caroline Hirsch , the founder of the standup institution Carolines , the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year , with more than sixty shows at small clubs and large theatres .
&quot; Most of these headliners appeared at Carolines , and went on to greater success , to the point where they &apos;re too big to play a club , &quot; Hirsch said .
We built this festival as a way of continuing to work with them .
This year &apos;s event includes appearances by Wanda Sykes , Kathy Griffin , and Bill Maher , as well as &quot; Stand Up for Heroes , &quot; an annual music @-@ and @-@ comedy benefit for military veterans , at Madison Square Garden , featuring , among others , Bruce Springsteen , Jon Stewart , Roger Waters , and Bill Cosby .
As the festival has expanded , so has the world of comedy .
Several of the comedians participating in this year &apos;s festival came up through nontraditional channels , such as shows on smaller networks , like Comedy Central , FX , and Spike .
Nick Kroll rose to prominence on a deep @-@ cable sitcom ( FXX &apos;s gleefully raunchy fantasy @-@ football @-@ themed &quot; The League &quot; ) and now has his own Comedy Central sketch show .
Jenny Slate has been a cast member on both &quot; Saturday Night Live &quot; and &quot; Parks and Recreation , &quot; though she is best known for her viral video series &quot; Marcel the Shell with Shoes On . &quot;
Both Kroll and Slate , as well as other young comedians with distinctive voices ( the surreally pessimistic Anthony Jeselnik , the wry , racially focussed W. Kamau Bell ) , are products of the decentralized world of American comedy .
One of the festival &apos;s biggest draws will be an interview : David Steinberg talking to Larry David .
Steinberg started as a standup comedian but has become an accomplished television and film director , as well as an unofficial comedy historian .
From 2005 to 2007 , he hosted a show on TV Land called &quot; Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg . &quot;
The meeting takes place at Town Hall , in the center of Manhattan .
&quot; The city is definitely in the comedy DNA of all of Larry &apos;s work , &quot; Steinberg said .
He was telling me that , when he &apos;s here , sometimes he &apos;ll walk down an alley between two buildings and think to himself , Hey , if I lose all my money , maybe I &apos;ll live here .
Oil extends drop toward $ 96 a barrel
The price of oil continued to fall on Friday as concerns over high supplies offset a report showing China &apos;s power @-@ hungry manufacturing sector is strengthening .
Benchmark U.S. crude for December delivery was down 14 cents at $ 96.24 a barrel by late morning in Europe in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
The contract fell 39 cents on Thursday , leaving it down 5.8 percent for the month of October .
Ample supplies of crude have weighed on the price in recent weeks .
The Energy Department said Wednesday that U.S. supplies increased 4.1 million barrels last week .
Over five weeks , supplies have risen by more than 25 million barrels .
But a suggestion of stronger demand came Friday from two reports on Chinese manufacturing that showed an uptick in activity .
That suggests China &apos;s economic recovery could continue to strengthen after growth rebounded to 7.8 percent in the third quarter from a two @-@ decade low in the previous quarter .
Brent crude , a benchmark for international crude also used by U.S. refineries , fell 26 cents to $ 108.58 a barrel on the ICE exchange in London .
Abortion Law in Texas Challenged
A federal appeal court in Texas has reintroduced certain restrictions on the right to voluntary termination of pregnancy , which had been blocked by a trial judge this week .
The decision means that a legal text adopted in the state in July generally challenging the right to abortion will be able to come into force .
The decision by the court of appeal means that doctors who practise abortion will need to have an &quot; admitting privilege &quot; with local hospitals .
An admitting privilege is the right of a doctor to admit a patient to a hospital or a medical centre to carry out a diagnosis or a procedure , based on his status as a health care worker at a hospital .
Defenders of abortion stress that the content of the law may lead to the immediate closure of a third of clinics in the state , as these clinics have failed to obtain the admitting privilege for their practitioners .
In all , nearly 22,000 women will be deprived of access to such establishments .
On Monday , the day before the law was due to come into force , a trial judge considered that the provisions pertaining to admitting privileges were unconstitutional .
But the Attorney General for Texas , Republican Greg Abbott , who is canvassing for the role of governor , asked the court of appeal to overturn the judgement from the trial court blocking the application of the law .
A plenary hearing on the matter is scheduled to take place in January .
&quot; La Nouvelle Star &quot; made a big comeback in terms of audiences , with 1.3 million TV viewers , that is a 5.6 % share of the viewing audience .
But was the show up to expectations ?
Some 10,000 candidates turned up at the auditions to face the jury for this 10th season : Maurane , the naughty Sinclair , the high @-@ pitched André Manoukian and Olivier Bas .
The viewers shared their thoughts on Twitter .
The excitement of finding their favorite programme having subsided , many are disappointed .
But why where they so disappointed ?
None of the contestants seem to have really stood out at first glance .
As every year , the first audition shows threw in a wide variety of budding singers into the mix , sometimes for the best and sometimes not .
But , on Twitter , people want a spectacle , emotion , originality , music ...
Fortunately , a few got just that .
Many people have tried &quot; La Nouvelle Star &quot; , and some have even gotten through .
Behind the television screens , there are always those cut out to be successful singers , season after season .
Others are just out to make you laugh .
Court blocks ruling on NYPD stop @-@ and @-@ frisk policy
A federal appeals court on Thursday blocked a judge &apos;s order requiring changes to the New York Police Department &apos;s stop @-@ and @-@ frisk program and removed the judge from the case .
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the decisions of Judge Shira Scheindlin will be stayed pending the outcome of an appeal by the city .
The judge had ruled in August the city violated the Constitution in the way it carried out its program of stopping and questioning people .
The city appealed her findings and her remedial orders , including a decision to assign a monitor to help the police department changes its policy and training program associated with it .
The appeals court heard arguments Tuesday on the requested stay .
The appeals court said the judge needed to be removed from the case because she ran afoul of the code of conduct for U.S. judges by compromising the necessity for a judge to avoid the appearance of partiality in part because of a series of media interviews and public statements responding publicly to criticism of the court .
The judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black and Hispanic men with its stop @-@ and @-@ frisk program .
She appointed an outside monitor to oversee major changes , including reforms in policies , training and supervision , and she ordered a pilot program to test body @-@ worn cameras in some precincts where most stops occur .
In August , New York City agreed to end the practice of storing the names and addresses of people whose cases are dismissed after a police stop .
An oral argument on the city &apos;s appeal is scheduled for sometime after March 14 , 2014 .
The stop @-@ and @-@ frisk tactic has been criticized by a number of civil rights advocates .
Stop @-@ and @-@ frisk has been around for decades in some form , but recorded stops increased dramatically under the administration of independent Mayor Michael Bloomberg to an all @-@ time high in 2011 of 684,330 , mostly of black and Hispanic men .
A lawsuit was filed in 2004 by four men , all minorities , and became a class action case .
Supporters of changes to the NYPD &apos;s stop @-@ and @-@ frisk program say the changes will end unfair practices , will mold a more trusted and effective police force and can affect how other police departments use the policy .
Opponents say the changes would lower police morale but not crime , waste money and not solve a broader problem of a police force under pressure after shrinking by thousands of officers during the last decade .
The judge noted she wasn &apos;t putting an end to the stop @-@ and @-@ frisk practice , which is constitutional , but was reforming the way the NYPD implemented its stops .
Tenants have to go and vote , as each of them pays an average of $ 100 a month in the cost of their accommodation that goes to the City in taxes .
If the owner pays $ 5000 in municipal taxes , he divides this figure between each house .
We are forced to increase the rent to help us pay the new taxes .
By going to vote , we are sending a clear message .
We need to change things in the city .
All the candidates have told us that they would tackle this scandalous debt .
We no longer have the means to pay $ 100,000 for fireworks , $ 4 @-@ 5 million for land just in case ...
Go and vote , that is the best way to express yourself and say enough is enough .
End of the Road for Elysée Head Chef
Having entered the 500m2 @-@ space of the kitchens at the Elysée Palace as an assistant after working in embassies , the cook climbed up the ladder to become head chef nine years ago .
He has served six French presidents , from Georges Pompidou to Nicolas Sarkozy and François Hollande , including at their holiday homes , and fed an uncountable number of world figures , surrounded by a cloud of anonymity that he has only emerged from today , as he retires at 60 .
Born on 24 October 1953 in La Ferté @-@ Saint @-@ Aubin , the man with an open face , a balding head and the glasses of an intellectual is the holder of a certificate of professional competence in confectionery .
His mother was a cook in a château in Sologne .
&quot; I &apos;ve moved from one château to another ! &quot; says Bernard Vaussion ironically . He is familiar , not only with the habits of the six presidents for whom he has cooked , but also with those of their wives and some of their illustrious guests .
&quot; It &apos;s always the Head of State or his partner or wife who chooses the menu , &quot; he recalls .
&quot; Madame Chirac was a little more involved and would come right into the kitchen , &quot; to the point where she forbade women to enter the kitchens in the Elysée Palace !
With all due respect to heads of state who appeared relatively indifferent to fruits of the earth , &quot; they are all fond of food &quot; Bernard Vaussion reveals graciously .
Jacques Chirac certainly had a &quot; more refined palate &quot; .
But with Nicolas Sarkozy , who forbade cheese , the plates always came back empty !
François Hollande , who reintroduced cheese , is &quot; a man who likes to eat &quot; and &quot; he is not very choosy &quot; .
The current Head of State , who has put back on the pounds he lost during the presidential campaign , does &quot; not have a specific diet requirement &quot; .
Bernard Vaussion also recalls the pressure that would rest on his shoulders , especially during state dinners at the Elysée , where one had to serve &quot; between 200 and 250 people in around an hour &quot; .
The night before would be practically sleepless .
Such people would not understand if something went wrong .
The now former head chef at the Elysée , who shared a drink on Tuesday evening with his team , his family and friends , is leaving with a twinge of sorrow . &quot; François Hollande came to say goodbye . &quot;
He was full of praise .
&quot; His human side came out , &quot; he recalls .
The chef will be replaced by his assistant , 35 @-@ year @-@ old Guillaume Gomez , who has been at the Elysée for seventeen years himself .
Fire in 1850 Quebec House
A historic house built in 1850 in Old Quebec was engulfed in flames on Friday at lunchtime .
The four @-@ apartment building located at 15 Rue Hébert set off three alarms at the fire department .
The fire started at the front , but spread to all three floors of the building .
France Voiselle , spokesperson for the Quebec Fire Protection Service , said that the quick intervention of the fire brigade prevented the fire spreading to adjacent buildings , a major challenge in this part of town where the buildings are very close together .
The building damaged by the fire contained four apartments , but there was nobody at home when the fire started .
The damage was fairly limited all in all , although the water caused some harm .
An investigation will be conducted to determine the cause , although the fire brigade has ruled out the possibility of it being a criminal act .
The Wolf of Wall Street : Second Trailer Released
Martin Scorsese has released footage from his next film in which the title role , an ambitious New York broker , is played by Leonardo DiCaprio .
Forget being sensible and grab your ticket .
Leonardo DiCaprio will take your breath away in his role as a crazy trader .
Martin Scorsese tells us a true story about a &quot; Long Island stockbroker who refuses to collaborate with the authorities over a massive corruption scheme on Wall Street &quot; .
In the 1980s , Jordan Belfort embarks on a scam that would make him a very rich man .
We see his meteoric rise , but also the vertiginous fall that follows .
Out of control , he indulges in parties , women and drugs .
Decadence and excesses of all sorts are the key words in this crazy story .
The Scorsese @-@ DiCaprio duo seems to have rediscovered the magic that brought them together in Shutter Island .
The new Scorsese release is late because the editing has taken longer than planned .
Apparently , the final version of the film will last 2 hours 45 minutes .
Due in theatres December 25 , its release will come just right in time for the Oscars .
Coulson used phone hacking to verify tip
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson allegedly used &quot; phone hacking , surveillance and confrontation &quot; in an attempt to confirm a bogus tip about an affair involving then @-@ home secretary Charles Clarke .
Prosecutor Andrew Edis QC told the Old Bailey that the News of the World heard a false rumour in May 2005 that Clarke was seeing his &quot; attractive special adviser , &quot; Hannah Pawlby .
The newspaper tasked private investigator Glenn Mulcaire with hacking Pawlby &apos;s voicemails and &quot; door @-@ stepped &quot; her , but Coulson also called and left her voicemails , the court heard .
&quot; The prosecution suggests that Mr Coulson , who is now the editor of the NotW , he is not the man who stands outside people &apos;s houses hoping to catch them out , he is the man who likes to put the story to people to see what they will say , &quot; Mr Edis said .
He said the NotW used three ways to investigate stories : phone hacking , surveillance , and confrontation .
The editor is personally involved in the third .
Obviously he knows about the second , surveillance , he must do .
What about the first ?
Does he know about phone hacking ?
He says he doesn &apos;t , we say &quot; Oh yes , he did &quot; .
Rumours about an affair involving Clarke were first picked up by the NotW &apos;s features desk when a source who was sexually interested in Ms Pawlby was told : &quot; Don &apos;t bother wasting your time , she &apos;s with Charles . &quot;
A tape of voicemails taken from her phone on at least three occasions was seized from Mulcaire &apos;s home in August 2006 .
Investigators also found entries on the private investigator &apos;s computer which had Ms Pawlby and her sister as &quot; Projects . &quot;
During the period she was being investigated , Ms Pawlby &apos;s grandparents received anonymous calls asking for information about her , Mr Edis said .
Meanwhile , former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck and former reporter James Weatherup oversaw surveillance of Ms Pawlby &apos;s movements .
Leaving her a voicemail on June 18 2005 , Coulson told her : &quot; I &apos;ve got a story that we &apos;re planning to run tomorrow that I really would like to speak to Charles about . &quot;
Mr Edis said Coulson &apos;s involvement in the story followed the same pattern as with other important men , such as former home secretary David Blunkett .
The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson confronted Mr Blunkett over an affair with a married woman while he was himself seeing co @-@ defendant Rebekah Brooks , who was married at the time .
Coulson and Brooks deny conspiring with others to hack phones between October 3 2000 and August 9 2006 .
Mulcaire , Thurlbeck and Weatherup have admitted phone hacking .
Barack Obama to Meet Iraqi Prime Minister as Violence Rages
The American President will receive the Iraqi Prime Minister , Nouri Al Maliki , who is seeking the United States &apos; help in the struggle against the strongest wave of violence in five years , on 1 November 2013 , .
October was the bloodiest month in Iraq in five and a half years , according to figures published by the Iraqi authorities on Friday , 01 November .
964 people ( of which 855 civilians , 65 policemen and 44 soldiers ) were killed in acts of violence during October and 1,600 people were injured .
The UN has reported even higher numbers with 979 dead and 1,902 injured .
The violence is becoming more and more deadly in spite of reinforced security measures and large @-@ scale military operations undertaken in recent months by Nouri Al Maliki &apos;s government , which is dominated by Shiites .
The total number of deaths in October is the highest since April 2008 , when 1,073 people were killed .
About two years after the withdrawal of American troops , the level of violence brings renewed fears of unrest while the country &apos;s neighbor , Syria , is in the grip of civil war .
Bombs strike markets , mosques , weddings and funeral ceremonies .
People are attacked in the street and even at home , and the security forces are also frequent targets of the attacks .
The growing discontent among the Sunni minority , which held power under Saddam Hussein and is now complaining of being politically marginalized and being the target of unjust arrests , has favored this outburst of violence .
On Friday , the latest acts of violence left four people dead in the north of Iraq , a day after at least 26 people were killed in a series of attacks , which included five booby @-@ trapped cars being blown up in the north of Baghdad .
The majority of the violence is attributed to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( EIIL ) , a group affiliated with Al @-@ Qaida ( Sunni extremists ) , which is also involved in the civil war in Syria .
Nouri Al Maliki wants a &quot; global war &quot; against Al @-@ Qaida .
The violence is at the centre of the talks in the United States with Prime Minister Nouri Al Maliki , who will be received by President Barack Obama on Friday , two years after their last meeting on 12 December 2011 .
At that time , the American President , who was elected on the promise of bringing to an end the US &apos; military involvement in the country , painted an optimistic picture of the situation .
Since arriving in Washington on Wednesday , Nouri Al Maliki has met several government officials and members of Congress .
On Thursday , he pleaded that the international community should conduct a &quot; third world war &quot; against Al @-@ Qaida .
The principle of security aid for Iraq is supported by influential Republican and Democratic senators .
However , they have also criticized Shiite Nouri Al Maliki , saying he is partly responsible for the resumption of violence because of his &quot; sectarian and authoritarian policies &quot; .
They have also demanded that Barack Obama make Nouri Al Maliki understand that &quot; the pernicious influence of Iran within the Iraqi government constitutes a serious problem in the relationship between our two countries &quot; .
Beijing Accuses Uighur Group of Tiananmen Attack
The head of internal security in China accused a group of Uighur separatists from Xinjiang on Friday of being behind the car bomb attack in Tiananmen Square in the centre of Beijing on Monday , which left five people dead .
The vehicle , an SUV , raced towards the crowd in the famous square in the Chinese capital , the symbol of the bloody 1989 suppression , before catching fire , killing its three occupants and two passers @-@ by .
Meng Jianzhu , a member of the politburo in charge of internal security issues , accused the East Turkestan Islamic Movement of instigating the attack .
Numerous Uighurs , a Turkish @-@ speaking minority in Xinjiang , call this Chinese province East Turkestan .
The Chinese government believes the movement is responsible for the frequent outbreaks of violence in the province , sparked by demands for independence .
&quot; The violent terrorist incident that occurred in Beijing was organized and premeditated , &quot; said Meng on Hong Kong television channel Phoenix TV .
&quot; The group hiding behind the scenes was the East Turkestan Islamic Movement , &quot; he added , his words being relayed by the Xinhua News Agency .
The Chinese police have identified the driver of the vehicle , whose name suggests he is of Uighur origin , and stated that his wife and mother were with him in the car .
The vehicle also held containers full of petrol and a flag with orthodox religious writing on it .
The incident left 42 people injured .
The East Turkestan Islamic Movement is considered by the United States and the United Nations to be a terrorist organization .
Vatican Poll on Contraception , Divorce and Homosexuality
The Vatican is to carry out a large @-@ scale poll across the world on the way in which parishes handle sensitive issues such as contraception , divorces and same @-@ sex couples .
The poll will ask participants how priests deal with gay couples and their children , and how they treat men and women who live together without being united by marriage bonds .
The poll was sent out to every national conference of bishops in mid @-@ October , with instructions to secure as many responses as possible .
The information will be used at a major assembly on the family that Pope Francis is planning to organize next year .
The news was reported on Thursday by the National Catholic Reporter , an independent Catholic newspaper in the United States .
A spokesperson for the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops confirmed that the document was authentic and that each bishop would decide on the appropriate way in which to approach parishioners .
In the United Kingdom , bishops have published the poll on the Internet and asked Catholics to participate .
DRC : Army Attacks Last Rebel Stronghold
The diehards of the M23 , who are several hundreds in number , had entrenched themselves at an altitude of almost 2,000 metres in the farmland hills of Chanzu , Runyonyi and Mbuzi , close to Bunagana and Jomba , two towns located around 80km north of Goma , the capital of North Kivu province .
&quot; The fighting has not stopped since morning and is continuing despite the darkness , &quot; a resident of Jomba , according to whom a little girl had been injured by gunfire in the morning , told the AFP by telephone at around 12.30pm.
&quot; The fighting has slightly reduced in intensity . It appears that the Armed Forces of the DRC ( FARDC ) have pushed the rebels back a bit , &quot; he added .
According to this witness , who chose to remain anonymous , the soldiers had &quot; spent the night &quot; in Jomba , before going into action for a &quot; combing operation &quot; .
The rattle of gunfire from light arms could clearly be heard in the background .
From Bunagana , a political stronghold and last preserve of the rebellion to fall on Wednesday , an AFP journalist could hear the detonation of heavy arms .
According to a source at the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the DRC ( MONUSCO ) , the fighting has entered &quot; the final phase &quot; : the FARDC has &quot; surrounded the remaining M23 positions to flush them out &quot; .
Since the resumption on Friday of confrontations between the March 23 Movement ( M23 ) and the army , MONUSCO has not been participating directly in the fighting , but it is providing government &apos;s troops with critical support in terms of intelligence , observation and planning .
At the end of the afternoon , several dozen well @-@ equipped soldiers headed off towards the front .
They were armed with Kalashnikovs and rocket launchers .
A little earlier , on the road to Bunagana , the frontier post with Uganda , soldiers assisted by civilians loaded up a multiple rocket launcher mounted on a brand new truck belonging to the FARDC , intended to take over from another device pounding the positions of the M23 in the hills .
The Congolese President , Joseph Kabila , called on the rebels once again on Wednesday to &quot; stand down voluntarily &quot; or be disarmed &quot; by force &quot; , while leaving open the Kampala process , where Kinshasa and the M23 have been in discussions since December with no outcome as yet .
The political leaders of the M23 are hoping to reach an agreement there .
&quot; We have finished the talks . The Ugandan mediators just need to organize the signing , &quot; asserted Roger Lumbala , vice @-@ president of the M23 delegation , although this information could not be confirmed immediately with the government .
The M23 was born of an April 2012 mutiny by former rebels , principally Tutsis who were integrated into the army in 2009 following a peace agreement .
The UN and Kinshasa regularly accuse Uganda and Rwanda of supporting the M23 . Kigali and Kampala have denied the accusations .
North Kivu is one of the most densely populated areas of the DRC , and its land abounds in coveted mineral resources .
At Bunagana , on the Ugandan side of the border , to which around 5,000 people fled between Monday and Wednesday according to the UN , the process of returning which started in the morning was reversed at midday .
&quot; This morning we went back across the border to go back to our fields , but the soldiers told us to go back , &quot; the AFP was told by Imelda Nyirankusi , surrounded by her nine children , including an infant on her back .
The gunfire seems to be getting closer to the population .
Early that evening , dozens of residents were crossing the border , some with mattresses on their heads , to spend the night in Uganda .
Musicals , the Great Performances
Classical , sophisticated , popular , in English or in French , song and dance productions are starting to take off .
After Broadway and London , Paris is finally finding its voice .
It &apos;s a revolution : the French musical is establishing itself as a successful genre .
For a long time , the majority of attempts , from &apos; Notre @-@ Dame de Paris &apos; to &apos; Mozart , l &apos;Opéra Rock &apos; , have been embroiled in ridicule .
And successful acts such as &apos; Cabaret &apos; or &apos; Les Misérables &apos; have had an air of mystery about them .
The arrival of Jean @-@ Luc Choplin at the Châtelet and Stage Entertainment at the Mogador has changed all that .
Today , these two stages are churning out performances like hits .
The former is reprising its excellent &apos; My Fair Lady &apos; this Christmas and has announced the worldwide production of &apos; Un Américain à Paris &apos; as a follow @-@ up .
At the Mogador , &apos; La Belle et la Bête &apos; could well be one of the successes of the season .
On other stages , musicals such as &apos; 1789 : les Amants de la Bastille &apos; and small productions such as &apos; Disco &apos; or &apos; Life and Times &apos; are falling in step with the success and quality recorded so far .
Patrick Niedo , author of the reference book &apos; Histoires de comédies musicales &apos; and speaker at the Théâtre du Châtelet , analyses the reasons for the hard @-@ won success .
How are French musicals evolving ?
The choice is growing .
Firstly there are the &quot; musical shows &quot; that evolve according to the will of the producers ...
Some use lovely projections of images and a true story , such as &apos; 1789 : les Amants de la Bastille &apos; .
Others leap backwards fifteen years , under the pretext that you can put on pretty much whatever you want when you have Matt Pokora heading the bill .
Then there are the musicals with the sumptuous productions of the Châtelet , which allow us to bring the golden age of Broadway back to life and rediscover the universe of Stephen Sondheim , the greatest composer alive .
Stage Entertainment popularizes variety English musicals by adapting them into French .
Independent French producers are trying to make a breakthrough .
But projects under way such as &apos; Rent &apos; , &apos; Le Baiser de la Femme Araignée &apos; or &apos; L &apos;Éveil du Printemps &apos; are having trouble finding finances .
Do we have enough artists capable of singing , acting and dancing , as on Broadway ?
In Paris , when there are eight musicals in a season , then it &apos;s a good year .
We have 200 talented artists who move from project to project .
In the United States , the cradle of the musical , it is very different .
Young actors are trained in these skills in numerous schools .
There are numerous jobs in regional theatres , touring companies , Broadway , off Broadway etc .
The breeding ground for talent is as sizable as the number of roles available .
Why are provincial tours so successful ?
With the exception of opera , the provinces remain the poor relative of culture in France .
Few theatrical productions go on tour and most of them are usually &quot; boulevard theatre &quot; , intended for adults , not adolescents .
Musicals fill that gap .
These are the same young people that love reality television and the ephemeral stars it produces ...
Offering good @-@ looking ( often talented ) young men a leading role in a musical guarantees the adoration of young girls and often their entire family .
Facebook pages for these shows are skillfully managed by professionals who answer questions .
The shows are eagerly expected by the time they reach a provincial Zénith ( theatre ) .
The musicals are prepared in Paris and enjoyed in the provinces .
The show is designed to be staged in any major theatre in France in the same format as in Paris .
One Seriously Injured in Accident with Wrong Way Driver on Brussels Ring Road
A road accident on the Brussels inner ring road near Hoeilaart in the direction of Waterloo at 5.30am on Friday morning left one person seriously injured .
The car driven by the injured woman was hit by a driver who was travelling in the wrong direction and came out unhurt .
The section of the ring road where the accident occurred was closed to traffic until 9am for the road to be cleared and for an expert to establish the circumstances of the accident .
This situation , however , did not create traffic jam as the accident happened at the exit of Hoeilaart .
Traffic was therefore diverted via the exit / entrance to the ring road .
Child Seriously Injured on Ride at Disneyland Paris
A child aged five has been seriously injured following an accident on a ride at Disneyland Paris .
His life is not in danger but he is still in hospital .
The boy was with his father on the &quot; Pirates of the Caribbeans &quot; boat ride when he fell .
The ride has been closed till further notice .
DRC : Army Prepares New Assault
Children play on a charred tank that belonged to M23 rebels , at Kibumba in the east of the DRC on 31 October 2013 .
On Friday the Congolese army was preparing a new assault on the final bastions of the M23 rebels close to Bunagana in the east of the DRC .
The aim of the assault is to flush the M23 out of the hills overlooking Bunagana .
Yesterday , we took Bugina hill , which overlooks Mbuzi hill .
Today , Mbuzi is expected to fall as well .
Then only Rumyoni hill will be left .
&quot; Chanzu hill is not strategic , &quot; the governor of North Kivu , Julien Paluku , told the AFP .
Mr Paluku hopes to be in Bunagana on Saturday .
The town , which is a political stronghold and the final bastion of the rebellion , lies on the border with Uganda , around 80km north of Goma .
It was recaptured by the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( FARDC ) on Wednesday .
Since then , several hundred M23 diehards have been cut off in the farmland hills of Chanzu , Runyonyi and Mbuzi , close to Bunagana and the neighbouring town of Jomba , at an altitude of almost 2,000 metres .
In Jomba , a local contact who had reported fighting at close quarters throughout Thursday said that the situation had been &quot; calm since this morning &quot; .
He also said that a woman and child had been killed in fighting the previous evening and had been buried .
A little girl sustained injuries from gunfire , and three other people had been wounded . One of them was seriously hit and had been evacuated by the FARDC , the witness quoted by the AFP added .
Since the resumption of hostilities between the FARDC and the rebels on 25 October , the two sides have given no indication of the casualties .
NSA revelations boost corporate paranoia about state surveillance
On a mild day in late August a German police helicopter buzzed low over the US consulate in Frankfurt , the financial capital of Germany .
On the instruction of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( BfV ) , Germany &apos;s domestic intelligence agency , its mission was to photograph the rooftop of the US outpost , which is located less than 5km from the European Central Bank and Bundesbank .
German media say the BfV hoped to identify the presence of listening antennas and the action prompted an exchange between the US and the German foreign ministry in Berlin .
James Clapper , US Director of National Intelligence , insisted again in September that the US does not use foreign intelligence capabilities &quot; to steal the trade secrets of foreign companies on behalf of US companies to enhance their international competitiveness or increase their bottom line . &quot;
But ever since Edward Snowden , the contractor turned whistleblower , began releasing his treasure trove of US surveillance secrets , European governments and business leaders are no longer sure whether to take the director at his word .
Reports that the US National Security Agency spied on Brazilian oil company Petrobras and gained access to data held by US cloud providers including Google and Yahoo have ratcheted corporate paranoia about state surveillance to new highs .
The final straw came when it was revealed that Chancellor Angela Merkel &apos;s phone had been bugged , possibly for about a decade .
If Europe &apos;s most powerful person can be targeted , then surely business leaders are also potential targets .
Snowden has made transparent the intensive collaboration between US intelligence services and companies .
I think it &apos;s conceivable that these data are used for mutual benefit .
&quot; Germany must wake up , &quot; says Oliver Grün , president of BITMi , which represents small and medium sized German IT companies .
German companies believe the US now poses almost as big a risk as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft , according to a survey published in July by EY , the consultancy .
In all the documentation leaked by Mr Snowden , there has , however , been no evidence to date that the US has passed on foreign companies &apos; trade secrets to its own companies .
Politicians have expressed concern that the EU lacks certain IT and internet capabilities and should strive to reduce its dependence on the US .
Business leaders are sceptical about this .
Someone in the German parliament says we should build a German Google .
I can only shut my eyes and slowly open them again ...
&quot; That &apos;s not the way , &quot; Hasso Plattner , chairman of German business software company SAP , says .
If one wanted a strong European IT industry , then one shouldn &apos;t have let it die out 20 years ago .
Everything is subsidised in Germany , from coal , to cars and farmers .
Everything but the IT industry .
Still , the reach and technical sophistication of US spy agencies exposed by the Snowden revelations have come as a shock to some companies who previously thought the biggest surveillance risk was posed by China .
A big shift is occurring in cloud computing where European executives have become more aware that data stored in the US is subject to that jurisdiction and therefore potentially vulnerable .
According to a survey carried out by the Cloud Security Alliance , a trade body , some 10 per cent of non @-@ US members cancelled plans to use a US @-@ based cloud provider after revelations about the US Prism data mining programme .
Jim Snabe , co @-@ chief executive at SAP , says : &quot; We see a new question from customers that didn &apos;t come up a year ago - which is where is my data stored and can you guarantee that it stays physically in that jurisdiction . &quot;
Many German executives argue that the latest reports are simply confirmation of what they already knew : that powerful states want to steal their most prized secrets and these data must therefore be guarded at all costs .
That economic spying takes place is not a surprise .
It has always taken place .
&quot; This has been a topic for many years and hasn &apos;t fundamentally changed through the current discussion , &quot; says Kurt Bock , chief executive of chemical maker BASF .
The Americans spy on us on the commercial and industrial level as we spy on them too , because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses .
Corporate leaders are not generally keen to boast about the countermeasures they have taken , in case this hands an advantage to an attacker .
For large companies , the message has long since been drummed home that picking up a free USB stick at a trade fair , or leaving a laptop unguarded in a hotel room are unwise , to say the least .
Ulrich Hackenberg , board member at carmaker Audi , says it has been standard practice for years for mobile phones to be collected before board meetings so they cannot be used as remote listening devices .
Germany &apos;s BfV advises executives to consider using simple prepaid mobiles when on foreign trips because of the risk that smart phones are compromised .
The prepaid mobiles are then thrown away afterwards .
However , there is concern that small and medium @-@ sized companies remain vulnerable to hacking and surveillance .
In Germany , many of these companies are global market leaders in their particular niche .
&quot; Small and medium sized companies often lack the experience , personnel and financial resources to protect corporate secrets effectively against unauthorised access , &quot; the BfV warns in a report .
The US warns its own companies about economic espionage by other countries .
The US National Intelligence Estimate in February named France alongside Russia and Israel in a second tier of offenders who engage in hacking for economic intelligence , behind China , according to The Washington Post .
A board member at a German blue @-@ chip company concurred that when it comes to economic espionage , &quot; the French are the worst . &quot;
Bernard Squarcini , former head of the French internal intelligence agency DCRI , was quoted in an interview this month as saying : &quot; The services know perfectly well that all countries , even as they co @-@ operate in the antiterrorist fight , spy on their allies . &quot;
Parents of Georgia teen who died in &apos; freak accident &apos; believe son was murdered
The parents of a Georgia teenager , whose body was found inside a rolled @-@ up wrestling mat in his high school gym , believe their son was murdered , the family &apos;s attorney said Thursday .
Kendrick Johnson , of Valdosta , Ga . , was found Jan. 11 stuck in an upright mat propped behind the bleachers inside his high school gym .
Lowndes County sheriff &apos;s investigators concluded Johnson died in a freak accident , but the 17 @-@ year @-@ old &apos;s family disputes that .
&quot; They absolutely think their son was murdered , &quot; Benjamin Crump , an attorney representing Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson , told FoxNews.com.
They never believed he died the way the sheriff concluded .
&quot; They believe that it defies logic , the laws of physics as well as common sense , &quot; Crump said .
They think this is a cover @-@ up to protect the person or people responsible for their son &apos;s death .
&quot; They sent their son to school with a book @-@ bag and he was returned to them in a body bag , &quot; he said .
U.S. Attorney Michael Moore said Thursday he is conducting a formal investigation into Johnson &apos;s death , noting that several key questions remain unanswered .
What was the cause of death ?
Was his death the result of a crime ?
Moore said at a press conference Thursday afternoon .
I will follow the facts wherever they lead .
My objective is to discovery the truth .
&quot; I am of the opinion that a sufficient basis exists &quot; for a formal investigation , he said .
Moore told reporters that the initial autopsy indicated Johnson died as a result of &quot; positional asphyxia . &quot;
A second autopsy , however , listed a different cause of death , according to Moore .
&quot; There are several questions that must be answered or confirmed , &quot; he said .
Moore added that if he uncovers sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal or civil rights investigation into the death of Johnson he will ask the FBI to conduct it .
A representative from the Lowndes County Sheriff &apos;s Office was not immediately available for comment when contacted Thursday .
A southern Georgia judge on Wednesday ordered authorities to release all surveillance video that investigators reviewed .
The teenager &apos;s parents said they hope the video footage will contain clues to how he died .
CDC issues children &apos;s allergy guidelines for schools
On Wednesday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a set of guidelines to manage children &apos;s food allergies at school .
This is the first set of such guidelines the U.S. government has put out , as the number of school @-@ age children suffering from food allergies climbs .
One in 20 children in the United States now have food allergies .
The CDC found the prevalence of food allergies among children increased 18 percent between 1997 and 2007 .
The guide contains information for schools on how to make faculty and staff aware of children &apos;s food allergies , and how to handle them should an allergic reaction occur .
It also recommends schools have epinephrine stocked -- the EpiPen brand auto @-@ injector being most commonly used -- to respond to potentially fatal anaphylaxis .
State legislatures have recently been updating rules to allow schools to stock epinephrine more easily .
The report also includes a list of typical symptoms communicated by children who are having an allergic reaction .
Kids may say , &quot; It feels like something is poking my tongue , &quot; &quot; My tongue feels like there is hair on it , &quot; or &quot; My tongue is tingling . &quot;
NSA Affair Emphasizes Complete Lack of Debate on Intelligence
Why the contradictory attitude of the French government ? On the one hand , it publicly takes offence and summons the Ambassador of the United States on October 21 and , on the other , it forbids the Bolivian president &apos;s plane to enter its air space on the basis of a rumor that Edward Snowden was on board ?
In my opinion , there are two levels of response from the French government .
When François Hollande telephones Barack Obama , or when Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius summons the Ambassador of the United States , they are responding to a real discovery , that of the scale of America &apos;s surveillance of communications within France generally .
And is it not surprising to read in the pages of Le Monde , on the one hand , a reproduction of diplomatic correspondence with the US and , on the other , condemnation of the NSA &apos;s spying on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the Quai d &apos;Orsay , within a matter of weeks ?
Is there not an element of hypocrisy on your part ?
The journalistic method is not to adopt a moral position , but to investigate the significance and relevance of information and enable every citizen to form an opinion .
When WikiLeaks reveals the American administration &apos;s monitoring of political and other matters somewhere in the world , we consider this to be significant enlightenment with regard to the American government .
In describing the American methods of data interception in relation to the French diplomatic representation in the United States , we do not aim at expressing indignation about this practice , but rather at describing the world as it is .
Has France benefited from the intelligence supplied by the NSA concerning terrorist operations against our interests ?
Can we do without collaboration with the Americans ?
The setting up of high @-@ performance interception technology over practically the past ten years by the United States - and by France - has been officially justified by the fight against terrorism .
Furthermore , in this regard , France and the United States in particular have implemented procedures , sometimes described as essential , for cooperating and exchanging information on an almost daily basis .
For example , France was informed of the presence of Mohammed Merah in the tribal areas of Miranshah through the NSA &apos;s resources .
Also France may , for example , have to transmit entire blocks of data on the Sahel region to the Americans and , in return - as already briefly mentioned - the Americans may provide information to the French about other parts of the world .
Hence the question at the heart of the NSA affair is not so much the capacity or the right of a country to use interception tools , as the issue of the complete lack of prior debate - especially within parliaments - on the justification of such systems , the extent to which they should be used and , ultimately , the issue of the infringement of freedoms .
What risk does the United States actually run ? Ruining its image ?
However much we denounce the US , I see no way in which it can be punished .
The risk run by the Americans could be twofold .
The first is when their allies - as has been the case recently - learn that their governments have been spied on , sometimes at the highest level .
This is the case in Brazil and Germany , two countries where diplomatic relations with the United States are strained .
Another effect could be more commercial : in the light of the revelations , more and more European and South American countries are balking at the idea of entrusting their confidential data to American providers that are subject to American law and hence to the grips of the NSA .
Finally , the widespread exercise in revelations conducted by the media across the world , which is contributing to the establishment of a debate on surveillance practices by intelligence services that have been almost invisible until now , could force legislators - including those of America - to reconsider the powers they have granted their intelligence agencies .
Parents of Intersex Kids Can Pick &apos; Gender Undetermined&apos;
Germany became the first European nation to recognize a third gender for babies born with ambiguous genitalia .
No longer will newborns be rigidly assigned to male or female .
The new law doesn &apos;t require parents to declare any gender for such children , allowing parents to declare gender &quot; undetermined &quot; or &quot; unspecified &quot; on their birth certificates .
The aim of the law was to take the pressure off parents who might make hasty decisions on sex @-@ assignment surgery for newborns , and to fight discrimination against those who are intersex .
One intersex person , according to the BBC , said years later , &quot; I am neither a man nor a woman . &quot;
I will remain the patchwork created by doctors , bruised and scarred .
An estimated one in 2,000 children born each year is neither boy nor girl .
They are intersex , part of a group of about 60 conditions that fall under the diagnosis of disorders of sexual development , an umbrella term for those with atypical chromosomes , gonads ( ovaries or testes ) , or unusually developed genitalia .
Wallis Simpson may have been intersex .
Gender identification is still not well understood , but most experts in the United States say that when sex cannot be determined , it &apos;s better to use the best available information to assign it then to wait and monitor the child &apos;s psychological and physical development before undertaking surgery , if at all .
New York City psychiatrist Dr. Jack Drescher , who specializes in issues of gender identification , said the new German law &quot; sounds like a good thing . &quot;
Intersex children pose ethical dilemma .
&quot; Some people have life @-@ endangering conditions that require surgery , but most kids do not , &quot; he said .
You can make a gender assignment without surgery , and then see how identity develops .
The science of knowing how a child will develop any gender identity is not very accurate .
Nobody can answer the questions about why this happens .
It &apos;s like the mystery of why people are gay .
A report filed to the European Commission in 2011 described intersex people as different from transsexual or transgender people , as their status is not gender related but instead relates to their biological makeup , which is neither exclusively male nor exclusively female , but is typical of both at once or not clearly defined as either .
These features can manifest themselves in secondary sexual characteristics , such as muscle mass , hair distribution , breasts and stature ; primary sexual characteristics such as reproductive organs and genitalia ; or in chromosomal structures and hormones .
The report also gives an overview of the discrimination faced by intersex and transgender people in the realm of employment , as well as levels of harassment , violence and bias crimes .
Gender nonconforming boys now have special camp .
Already , Australia and Nepal allow adults to mark male , female or a &quot; third gender &quot; on their official documents .
In June , a 52 @-@ year @-@ old Australian , Norrie May @-@ Welby , became the world &apos;s first recognized &quot; genderless &quot; person after winning a legal appeal to keep an &quot; unspecified &quot; gender status for life .
German passports will have a third designation other than M or F -- X , for intersex , according to the Interior Ministry .
In neighboring France , gender issues are still controversial , according to a news report on France 24 .
In 2011 , dozens of French lawmakers from that strongly Catholic country signed a petition for &quot; gender theory &quot; to be withdrawn from school textbooks .
The U.S. website Catholic Online has also opposed the German law , writing that &quot; as the world is being dragged into a new state , where gender is a choice , but sexual activity is not , we reverse two more pillars of civilization . &quot;
One Maryland mother of a newborn also told the Baby Zone that she would rather see babies assigned gender at birth .
&quot; Parenting is stressful enough without extra limitations , especially if you don &apos;t know the gender of your child , &quot; she told the parenting website .
Children need stability and certainty .
Historically , children born with both male and female genitalia were called hermaphrodites , named for the handsome Greek god who had dual sexuality .
And as little as a decade ago , the medical community thought of gender as a slate that could be erased and then redrawn .
But now , many are challenging the ethical basis of surgery , knowing that gender identity is complex , and doctors can sometimes get it wrong , not knowing how a child will feel about their gender assignment when they grow up .
&quot; Back in the middle of the 20th century , it was called a &apos; psychiatric emergency , &apos; &quot; said Drescher .
When these kids were born , you didn &apos;t call the psychiatrist , you called a surgeon .
The prevailing theory on how to treat children with ambiguous genitalia was put forward by Dr. John Money at Johns Hopkins University , who held that gender was malleable .
He coined the term &quot; gender identity &quot; and argued that social and environmental cues -- how parents raised a child -- interacted with a child &apos;s genes and hormones to shape whether the person identified as male or female .
But in one 1966 case , known as &quot; John / Joan , &quot; his theories became controversial .
He advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been severed in a botched circumcision to have the child fully castrated , removing his testicles , as well , and to raise him as a girl .
&quot; Money presented the case as a successful case of transition , but it was not , &quot; said Drescher .
When the boy was around 15 , he transitioned back to a boy and married a woman .
But at 38 , he committed suicide .
Drescher said that now some doctors are still &quot; practicing that model . &quot;
But in the 1990s , with the advent of the Internet , survivors of these gender surgeries have come forward &quot; not happy with the outcome . &quot;
Such was the case with Jim Bruce , a 36 @-@ year @-@ old writer from Montana , who was born with XY male chromosomes but ambiguous genitals .
Doctors couldn &apos;t be sure if he had a large clitoris or a small penis and were convinced he could never live a &quot; satisfactory life &quot; as a man .
So shortly after his birth in 1976 , Bruce &apos;s external organ and testes were surgically removed and he was raised as a girl .
He was given female hormones at age 12 .
&quot; I knew that I wasn &apos;t a girl , &quot; he told ABCNews.com.
I was unhappy , but it was really difficult to ask questions .
At 18 , he was set for a vaginoplasty .
But depressed and knowing something was wrong , he demanded medical records .
What he found out was horrifying .
I was sterilized at birth -- and no one ever told me .
Bruce was born with a DSD that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone to properly develop his genitals .
After learning the truth , he changed back to a man , taking testosterone shots and having his breasts removed .
Surgery rendered him infertile .
Today , he advocates for others in an organization called the Interface Project , trying to normalize perceptions of those who are intersex .
But Anne Tamar @-@ Mattis , executive director for California @-@ based legal group Advocates for Informed Choice , worries that the German law &quot; invites labeling and stigma . &quot;
&quot; A lot of activists are concerned that what the German rule will do is encourage parents to make quick decisions and give the child an &apos; undetermined , &apos; &quot; she said .
We are afraid it will encourage intervention .
We think a better process is assigning male or female sex , then waiting .
But we haven &apos;t seen how the law will play out , so all we can do is speculate .
Tamar @-@ Mattis said that her organization supports the Australian law because &quot; it allows adults to choose to be recognized in a third gender . &quot;
&quot; Adults should be able to make their own decisions about legal gender , &quot; she said .
German law is about assigning it at birth .
That is not a battle young children should have to take up at this point .
When they are grown , they can make decisions about their own bodies .
But Dr. Arlene Baratz , a Pittsburgh breast radiologist who has a daughter with a disorder of sexual development and helps hundreds of others in a support group , said the German law will &quot; empower &quot; both parents and children .
Baratz &apos;s daughter Katie was born with male chromosomes , but has a DSD called complete androgen insensitivity syndrome .
Because her androgen receptors are faulty , Katie developed female characteristics .
She has a vagina , but no uterus or ovaries .
Now at 29 , Katie is married and at the University of Pennsylvania , a resident in child psychiatry .
Though she is infertile , she hopes to become a parent through adoption or gestational surrogacy .
&quot; The law gives parents some space not to have to rush into making decisions themselves , &quot; said Baratz .
It gives them the time to do some tests and figure it out and a period of time before they write &apos; male &apos; or &apos; female . &apos; 
This way , you are OK -- raise the child , love the child .
You have a wonderful baby and enjoy the fun .
We don &apos;t have to rush into surgery that is irreversible .
&quot; It brings the children into the decision and takes away the anxiety that motivates parents because they don &apos;t feel they are doing the right thing , &quot; she said .
Ultimately , the child will decide which sex he or she feels more comfortable with -- and that &apos;s a wonderful thing .
It empowers children to make the decision for themselves .
Letta Confident of Government &apos;s Survival
The President of the Italian Council , Enrico Letta , believes his government will last until 2015 , despite strong tension between the left and right wings within the ruling coalition in the run @-@ up to the Senate &apos;s vote on stripping Silvio Berlusconi of his mandate .
In an interview with daily newspaper La Stampa , the leader of the centre left said he had &quot; every intention &quot; of continuing to govern with his coalition until the next parliamentary elections in 2015 .
The Upper House of the Italian parliament will meet this month to decide on the fate of the former president , who was found guilty of tax evasion in August .
Silvio Berlusconi is threatening to withdraw his support to the government if the Senate , in which he has more opponents than supporters , decides to relieve him of his duties .
But one section of his camp , centered around the national secretary of the People of Freedom ( PDL ) party , Angelino Alfano , is continuing to support the government , as it demonstrated on October 2 when it refused to follow Berlusconi &apos;s orders on a previous attempt to bring down the cabinet .
The L.A. Times reports that an agent of the United States Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) and a suspect have been wounded during an exchange of gunfire .
Firemen called to the scene of the drama confirmed that they had responded to a call reporting &quot; multiple injuries &quot; .
&quot; Law enforcement agents are at the scene , &quot; the airport stated on its Twitter account , while television pictures were showing people being evacuated in ambulances .
&quot; There was a shoot @-@ out , &quot; a spokesman for the United States Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) told the AFP .
Local channel ABC showed one person being evacuated on a stretcher and a second in a wheelchair .
The airport also stated that the incident took place at around 9.30am local time ( 12.30pm Montreal time ) in Terminal 3 of the airport .
The Los Angeles Times stated that terminals 2 and 3 are being evacuated .
The TSA spokesman was unable to confirm on the spot whether one of its staff had been injured .
All flights arriving at and leaving the airport have been suspended .
Israeli Army Kills Hamas Member in Gaza
Israeli tank fire killed a Hamas Palestinian Islamic militant and left another seriously wounded south of the Gaza Strip on Thursday , according to healthcare sources .
A Hamas source explained that fighting broke out in the region after Israeli tanks crossed the border and were targeted by Palestinian mortar fire .
The Israeli army simply mentioned carrying out &quot; targeted action &quot; in the area close to what the Jewish state calls a &quot; terrorist &quot; tunnel dug at the border , the discovery of which was reported in mid @-@ October .
Report : Obama campaign considered dumping Biden for Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama &apos;s closest advisers secretly considered replacing Vice President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton on the 2012 ticket , according to the New York Times .
The revelation is the most notable bombshell from Mark Halperin and John Heilemann &apos;s heavily anticipated 2012 campaign tome , &quot; Double Down : Game Change 2012 . &quot;
The Times obtained a copy of the forthcoming book and reported Thursday evening that the President &apos;s top aides conducted &quot; extensive group @-@ sessions and polling in late 2011 &quot; to gauge whether the dumping Biden could help bolster Obama &apos;s waning re @-@ election hopes .
According to the Times &apos; national political correspondent Jonathan Martin , the book provides a thorough account of the effort by senior officials inside the campaign and the White House , namely former White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley , to measure what effect swapping former Secretary of State Clinton for the Vice President would have in the polls .
The potential switch was a closely guarded secret within the Chicago campaign infrastructure and inside the Oval Office .
Only half a dozen of the President &apos;s closest advisers -- including Daley , former Obama campaign chief Jim Messina , and former White House senior advisers David Axelrod and David Plouffe -- knew the change was under consideration .
&quot; Double Down &quot; claims Daley spearheaded the effort to replace Biden , despite their &quot; close personal rapport , &quot; before ultimately deciding against the move when their data showed adding Clinton to the ticket wouldn &apos;t &quot; materially improve Obama &apos;s odds . &quot;
In an interview with Martin , Daley confirmed that the administration did in fact consider replacing Biden with Clinton .
&quot; I was vocal about looking into a whole bunch of things , and this was one of them , &quot; Daley told the paper .
You have to remember , at that point the President was in awful shape , so we were like , &quot; Holy Christ , what do we do ? &quot;
While Daley characterized the research as &quot; due diligence , &quot; Martin told CNN &apos;s Anderson Cooper that the re @-@ election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls .
&quot; Campaigns don &apos;t spend the kind of money on polling and focus groups unless they &apos;re seriously considering something , &quot; Martin said on AC360 .
It &apos;s unclear , however , whether Obama knew his team was exploring the swap .
Martin told CNN that he asked Daley whether his then @-@ boss knew about the potential shuffle .
While Daley said he doesn &apos;t think the President &quot; was aware &quot; of the potential change , the former chief of staff admitted that it &apos;s &quot; possible &quot; Obama knew .
Martin added that &quot; Double Down &quot; does not definitively answer whether the political probing reached Obama &apos;s desk .
Cooper asked Martin whether he seriously thought Obama did not know about the research into dumping Biden from the ticket .
&quot; Possibly , &quot; Martin replied .
Fancy a glow @-@ in @-@ the @-@ dark ice cream ?
A British entrepreneur has created the world &apos;s first glow @-@ in @-@ the @-@ dark ice cream - using jellyfish .
Charlie Francis has harnessed the fluorescent properties of the marine animal to develop the luminescent snack .
He came up with the idea after reading a research paper on jellyfish and convinced scientists in China to chemically recreate the glowing protein .
The ice cream reacts with the eater &apos;s tongue - raising the pH level in the protein and making it glow .
Chris says because the ice cream lights up when it reacts with the heat of the mouth it means the more you lick , the brighter it becomes .
Charlie , founder of the &quot; Lick Me I &apos;m Delicious &quot; ice cream company , said : &quot; It is incredible stuff but still at very early days in terms of production , so £ 200 gets you about 2g of the stuff . &quot;
The protein we are using in the ice cream reacts with your tongue at neutral pH .
So as your mouth warms up the protein it will raise the pH level and the ice cream will glow .
We have been testing it out over the past few months and it seemed perfect to share it over Halloween because it gives that wonderful glow effect .
It is probably the most expensive ice cream I have made because the jellyfish luminescence is four times more expensive than gold .
So each scoop costs me around £ 140 .
It tastes pretty good though .
Charlie &apos;s experimental company , based in Bristol , is famed for its unusual flavours including beer , cheese , beef and gold leaf .
But his next creation is set to be even more ambitious .
He said : &quot; I really want to develop an invisible ice cream . &quot;
It is inherently impossible because of the refraction caused by the ice crystals which make up the ice cream , but I reckon we will find a way of doing it .
The ice cream harnesses the fluorescent properties of a jellyfish , synthesized by Chinese scientists
Lou Reed Dies During Tai Chi Session
Singer Lou Reed died while doing tai chi exercises , his wife , Laurie Anderson , announced in a letter published by the regional newspaper , East Hampton Star , which is meant for residents of Springs , the town where the couple had a home .
The artist died last Sunday at the age of 71 .
&quot; He died on Sunday morning while looking at the trees and doing the famous 21st form of tai chi , with his musician hands striking the air , &quot; wrote Laurie Anderson .
Lou Reed was a master of the Chinese martial art known as tai chi .
The singer &apos;s wife also said that , a week before his death , she had promised her husband she would get him out of hospital and take him back to their home in Springs ( Long Island ) .
&quot; Lou and I have spent a lot of time here in recent years .
Even though we are city dwellers , this is our spiritual home .
Lou was a prince and a fighter , and I know his songs on pain and beauty in the world will fill many people with the incredible joy of life which he felt , &quot; she added .
Lou Reed had undergone a liver transplant last May .
Halloween 2013 : By the Numbers
When I was little , Halloween was magical .
My sister and I were allowed to eat candy , stay up late and play dress @-@ up for the neighborhood .
Nowadays , I &apos;ve become more of a scrooge .
I haven &apos;t signed up for the past two years to give out candy in my apartment and probably won &apos;t this year .
But stats show that I &apos;m a black sheep when it comes to Halloween .
The majority of Americans - 158 million of them in fact - will be celebrating Halloween this year , spending a total of $ 6.9 billion on candy , costumes and decorations , according to the National Retail Federation .
One thing I do look forward to every Halloween are the trends .
Costumes are expected to account for $ 1.2 billion dollars out of the $ 6.9 billion spent , according to the NRF .
This year , sexy inanimate objects are all the rage .
Women don &apos;t have to be sexy professionals anymore ; they can also be sexy foods like pizza , hamburgers and carrots .
As for men , I expect we will be seeing a lot of zombies , thanks to The Walking Dead and I &apos;ll bet the Daft Punk space men will make it into our Instagram feeds this year .
According to Google , the highest searched costumes are zombies , Batman , pirates and witches .
I guess there &apos;s nothing wrong with going traditional .
We dressed our dogs up last year and to my amazement we were not alone .
In fact , Americans will spend $ 330 million on pet costumes this year , according to the NRF .
That &apos;s a lot of ironic hotdog dogs .
When it comes to candy , we don &apos;t screw around .
Americans will spend $ 1.9 billion on it this year , according to The Nielsen Company .
That &apos;s around 600 million pounds worth of Hershey bars , lollipops , Milk Duds , Twizzlers and Clark Bars .
That &apos;s great news for the 41 million trick @-@ or @-@ treaters set to take over our neighborhoods , according to the U.S. Commerce Department .
In fact , we will buy and , who are we kidding , consume 90 million pounds of chocolate during Halloween .
The one thing we don &apos;t want to consume , candy corn ; and yet nearly 35 million pounds of it are sold around Halloween , according to the National Confectioners Association .
That &apos;s about 9 billion individual kernels of corn .
It &apos;s a mystery I have yet to solve .
Nothing is more quintessentially Halloween than haunted houses .
They have the best names , like &quot; Terror Behind the Walls &quot; ( which , by the way is in an actual prison ) , &quot; Howl @-@ O @-@ Scream &quot; and &quot; The House of Shock . &quot;
In fact , there are 1,200 officially sanctioned haunted houses in the United States generating about $ 500 million in revenue , according to America Haunts , and that includes those awesome photos of you mid @-@ peeing your pants that your friend puts on Facebook and you can &apos;t take down and then that guy you like sees the photo and leaves a comment like &quot; nice face . &quot;
Finally , let &apos;s talk pumpkins .
Charlie Brown introduced us to The Great Pumpkin when we were kids , and carving a jack @-@ o @-@ lantern is like decorating a Christmas tree - it &apos;s something we &apos;ve done since we were little .
Lucky for us , the &quot; baby in a pumpkin trend &quot; started only last year thanks to Pinterest , so most of us grew up carving these gourds not sitting in them .
This year , Americans will spend around $ 106 million on pumpkins , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
The jack @-@ o @-@ lantern slowly withering on your front porch probably came from Illinois , which grew 542 million pounds of pumpkin this year .
If you &apos;re looking for extra credit , call Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa , Calif . , and try to carve up their 2,032 pound pumpkin .
The Royal Bank of Scotland will create an internal bad bank structure to cover £ 38 billion ( € 45,000 million ) of its highest risk assets , a step designed to improve its relations with the City and accelerate its re @-@ privatisation .
The bank wants to reduce the proportion of toxic assets on its books from 55 % to 70 % over the next two years and hopes to clean them up completely in three years .
RBS has also said that it will be writing down a provision of £ 4 500 million for the depreciation of additional bad debts for the quarter , an entry related to the setting up of the hive @-@ off structure .
RBS has also specified that this internal restructuring would release £ 10 @-@ 11 000 million in capital , thus strengthening its lending ability .
The bank and the City have stressed that the &quot; bad bank &quot; would enable a break @-@ off from the past , government in particular having been accused of interfering in the management of RBS .
&quot; We can now move forwards and focus on the future and on the 90 % of assets that make up a really good bank , and on building a great bank for our clients and the United Kingdom , &quot; new director general , Ross McEwan , said to the press .
Land Rover rally series announced
The interior has racing seats and six @-@ point harness belts , as well as an intercom system .
Options include upgraded brakes , a service package providing access to Bowler Works mechanics , logistic support , and vehicle storage between events .
Drew Bowler , the managing director of Bowler Motorsport , said : &quot; Rally customers coming to Bowler have changed . &quot;
They &apos;re not all experienced racers , but people looking for excitement and adventure , and an achievable path towards world @-@ class events .
We &apos;re delighted to be offering this path in partnership with Land Rover and the MSA , and believe the format offers a new way to experience different rally disciplines in the UK and overseas , and prepare entrants for the rigours and realities of Rally Raid .
We &apos;ve really enjoyed developing the Defender Challenge car - it &apos;ll be a really fun championship .
Additionally , the Defender Challenge will provide a training and test day in February , as well as the option to compete in desert events in North Africa and the Middle East .
Fire crews called to rescue lost puppy after she got stuck 50ft above the ground on precarious ledge in a quarry
Cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after she was in a minor road crash
She was spotted three days later by a dog walker trapped in the quarry
Firefighters abseil down cliff face to pluck the dog from certain death
A puppy had a lucky escape after fire crews were called to lift her to safety when she somehow got herself stuck 50ft up on a precarious cliff ledge .
Nine month @-@ old cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after being involved in a road crash on Sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on Wednesday .
Her owners Scott Alderson , 25 , and his girlfriend Becky Hall , 20 , were at Flappit Quarry in Denholme , West Yorkshire , to be reunited with Ruby and have thanked West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service .
They had searched frantically for their missing dog and posted appeals on social networking sites after she had ran into the quarry following the minor accident .
At around 2.15pm on Wednesday , an eagle @-@ eyed dog walker spotted Ruby on the ledge in the quarry , stranded 50ft up .
A Technical Rescue Team from Cleckheaton Fire Station rushed to the scene and abseiled down to rescue Ruby and used a pet tube to transport her up the cliff .
Specialist Technical Rescue Officer Andy Clayton said : &apos; She was in a precarious situation .
She was right in the middle of the cliff face - 50ft from the top and bottom .
She did not move a muscle during the rescue - she was frozen solid .
But she is fine now .
She was eating biscuits afterwards .
This was a very unusual call @-@ out .
The fact that the dog was spotted is unbelievable .
Specialist Technical Rescue Officer Peter Lau said : &quot; Ruby had a very lucky escape . &quot;
The potential was there that she could have been very seriously injured or worse .
Ruby was taken to the vets for a check @-@ up and was found to be fine other than exhaustion and dehydration .
Miss Hall , from Halifax , West Yorkshire , said : &quot; Watching the rescue was terrifying . &quot;
I could not believe that she was up there in the first place .
It was amazing to get her back in our arms .
The vet said that if she became too exhausted and collapsed she would probably have fallen .
The firefighters were amazing .
It was really daring what they did .
We are just so grateful and every single one of them was absolutely tremendous .
Mr Alderson , from Keighley , added : &quot; We were scared that she might fall but she stayed there . &quot;
The firefighters were brilliant .
I just can &apos;t believe where she was .
Mick Jagger says he never hit on Katy Perry when she was 18 .
During an interview with an Australian radio show this week , the pop star said she sang backing vocals for Jagger &apos;s 2004 song &quot; Old Habits Die Hard . &quot;
Perry said she had dinner with the veteran rocker and that &quot; he hit on me when I was 18 . &quot;
She added , &quot; That was a long time ago , and he &apos;s been very kind . &quot;
In a statement Thursday , a representative for Jagger , 70 , says he &quot; categorically denies that he has ever made a pass at Katy Perry . &quot;
The rep adds : &quot; Perhaps she is confusing him with someone else . &quot;
Perry was one of the singers to make a guest appearance on the Rolling Stones &apos; tour this year .
Her new album , &quot; Prism , &quot; debuted at No. 1 this week .
Beijing Blames Turkoman Islamic Movement
&quot; Behind @-@ the @-@ scenes support for the attack came from the East Turkestan Islamic Movement ( ETIM ) based in central and western Asia , &quot; declared the head of the Chinese security services to a Hong Kong television channel , according to a video posted online on Thursday evening .
Meng Jianzhu , a member of the Policy Bureau of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) made the statement in Tashkent while on an official visit to Uzbekistan .
This is the first time that a senior Chinese official has named a specific organisation following the attack on Monday .
According to Chinese police , three members of one Uighur family from the predominantly Muslim region of Xinjiang , which shares borders with a number of central Asian countries , drove a car loaded with cans of petrol against the entrance of the Forbidden City in Beijing , in a suicide attack that left two dead and 40 injured .
The driver of the vehicle , his wife and his mother all died in the fire in the car .
ETIM , which is fighting for independence for East Turkestan - the former name of Chinese Xinjiang - was classified by the UNO in 2002 as one of the organisations affiliated with Al @-@ Qaida .
The movement is often blamed by Chinese authorities for sporadic trouble in Xinjiang , although many experts cast doubt on its true influence .
George Kerevan : Europe break @-@ up gives Scots choice
Another day , another independence scare story .
This time we are warned that an independent Scotland would be required to join the Europe @-@ wide free @-@ travel zone as a condition of EU membership .
Cue stories about passport controls at Berwick and a barbed wire border along Hadrian &apos;s Wall .
True , the Strathclyde paper pointed out the possible economic benefits of freer movement with the rest of Europe , though - predictably - that did not figure in the headlines .
Nor did anyone point out that the EU member states spend much of their time bending their formal rules if it suits them .
Since Scotland isn &apos;t in the Schengen area now , continued non @-@ compliance would be a cheap concession for Brussels to offer up in return for whatever it really wanted out of the Scots .
So , a non @-@ story , then .
And one that is so long in the tooth it has become fossilised : I first heard the &quot; independence means passport controls &quot; canard at least 40 years ago .
Yet there is an interesting point lost in this retelling of a whiskery old tale .
Why should an independent Scotland be expected to do Europe &apos;s bidding , anyway ?
Why trade London &apos;s yoke for that of Brussels , especially now ?
Here is the real European news : the great , post @-@ war plan to unite Europe has finally stalled .
With the euro crisis , Project Europe is officially dead .
Across the EU , parties which are dedicated to opposing the EU , or to scrapping the euro as a common currency , are gaining ground .
Even in Germany , the Eurosceptic Alternative for Germany Party - founded only this year - came from nowhere to grab nearly five million votes in September &apos;s federal elections , thus effectively knocking the Free Democrats ( equivalent to our own Lib Dems ) out of the Bundestag .
There has always been domestic opposition to the plan to create a federal Europe .
However , the current economic crisis has proved a watershed .
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank , coupled with the straitjacket imposed on national economies through adherence to the common currency , has led many people to think Project Europe has gone too far .
The crisis of the euro has little to do with national governments running excessive budget deficits - that was true only of Greece .
Rather , the euro system locked in its members at exchange rates favourable to German exporters - something German politicians want to keep .
Without the possibility of domestic currency devaluation , southern Europe finds itself with a built @-@ in productivity disadvantage vis @-@ à @-@ vis Germany .
The only recourse is to slash wages and public spending - spurred on by Berlin .
Beyond the current budget and currency problems lies a deeper European productivity malaise .
As a result of &quot; green &quot; energy policies imposed by Brussels - code for subsidising French and German energy firms at the consumer &apos;s expense - European industry pays twice as much for electricity , and four times as much for gas , as in the United States .
That is a crippling cost disadvantage , as we &apos;ve already seen at Grangemouth .
All the wage freezes in the world won &apos;t stop the European petrochemicals industry being hammered by cheap US shale gas .
As a result , revolt is brewing , especially in France , once the EU &apos;s main cheerleader .
After the war , the French political elite saw the EU as a vehicle to keep Germany in check , and to give Paris equal billing in the world with Washington .
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport to political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy on Europe , leaving the battered French economy struggling .
Result : Marine Le Pen &apos;s right @-@ wing , anti @-@ EU National Front has just won a crucial by @-@ election , knocking the ruling Socialists into third place .
The Front is now the most popular party in France with 24 per cent of the vote - a timely warning to British Labour that they can &apos;t assume a split on the right will automatically favour the left .
What is Le Pen doing with her newfound popularity among the French white , working class ?
She wants to use next year &apos;s EU elections to create an anti @-@ EU , anti @-@ common currency bloc across the European Parliament .
If , as is very possible , anti @-@ EU parties do well in these elections , such a bloc could dominate the European Parliament for the first time .
Here &apos;s my point : sometime soon growing anti @-@ EU and anti @-@ common currency feeling in Europe will coalesce to kill the euro .
The EU won &apos;t disappear , but it will revert to something more like the loose &quot; Europe of the ( Sovereign ) Nations &quot; favoured by General de Gaulle .
Germany and a few of its satellite economies might keep the euro but France and southern Europe will revive their own currencies .
I expect the UK will distance itself from this project , hoping to cosy up to the US .
However , Washington &apos;s growing interest in the Pacific suggests Britain will be left out in the Atlantic cold .
Where does this leave Scotland ?
We can choose to be a region of ( essentially ) Little England .
Or we can defend our own economic interests - which includes telling Berlin and Brussels where to get off .
I suspect that Scotland could do well inside a looser European arrangement provided we kept our own currency .
Co @-@ operation with other like @-@ minded countries will be easier in a non @-@ federal Europe of the Nations .
Otherwise we should consider emulating Norway and retaining our economic independence .
The SNP government in Scotland is - remarkably-- the most successful anti @-@ austerity political movement in Europe , having won a spectacular majority in 2011 on the basis of opposing the cuts proposed ( and implemented ) by Labour &apos;s chancellor Alistair Darling and the subsequent Tory @-@ Lib Dem coalition .
It would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence only to accept austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels .
Early puberty : Growing older sooner
African @-@ American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white counterparts , research shows .
Physical changes don &apos;t mean puberty is imminent
There &apos;s no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are to blame
Experts think the obesity epidemic might be one trigger of early puberty
The trend toward early puberty is not as pronounced with boys
Former CNN correspondent Pat Etheridge is a journalist specializing in children &apos;s health and family issues .
Should a mother be alarmed if her daughter begins to sprout breast buds and pubic hair at 7 or 8 ?
At the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatrics this week in Orlando , Florida , pediatric endocrinologist Dr. Paul Kaplowitz explained that these early physical changes are quite common among American girls and represent a new norm .
&quot; I spend a lot of time reassuring parents -- usually , this does not signal a rapid progression into full puberty , &quot; said Kaplowitz .
Obvious signs of development , such as budding breasts , pubic and underarm hair and body odor are appearing sooner in girls .
But there has been only a slight shift in the age of menarche ( the first period ) over the past four decades .
In the United States , the average age is 12.5 years , down from 12.75 in 1970 .
&quot; Once breasts begin to develop , it takes at least two to three years before menarche , &quot; said Kaplowitz , also author of &quot; Early Puberty in Girls : The Essential Guide to Coping with This Common Problem . &quot;
Time is the most accurate test of how puberty is going to progress .
There is debate about what constitutes the actual onset of puberty , but it is considered &quot; precocious &quot; when breast enlargement is accompanied by a growth spurt before age 8 .
In most cases , the process will slow down or stall -- something a pediatrician can monitor closely .
A more rapid progression may warrant tests by an endocrinologist to rule out serious problems such as tumors or cysts .
There are treatments to delay early menses and ward off another consequence : premature aging of the bones that ultimately can lead to stunted growth and being short as an adult .
Recommendations for drug or hormone therapy are based on the child &apos;s age , rate of development , growth rate and emotional maturity .
Psychosocial aspects are important , too .
Kaplowitz is cautious with medication but acknowledges , &quot; suppressing puberty may alleviate behavioral issues and girls &apos; feelings of being different from peers . &quot;
The other big issue is understandable : Parents simply don &apos;t want their very young daughters having periods .
&quot; They worry about the risk of pregnancy or even how they will handle hygiene , &quot; said Kaplowitz .
&quot; It was a shock , &quot; recalls one woman whose daughter started her period at 10 .
Even though there were signs and we had talked about menstruation , she was not emotionally prepared .
She came home from school scared and upset to be the first among her friends .
There are lots of well @-@ publicized theories about the causes of precocious puberty .
Yet , there &apos;s no consistent body of evidence that hormones in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment or sexual messages in the media are to blame .
Boys - like girls - are hitting puberty earlier .
Kaplowitz contends the premise that holds the most weight is the epidemic of obesity .
He helped conduct a 2001 study of 6- to 9 @-@ year @-@ old girls that links body fat to the timing of puberty .
Other findings support this conclusion , but there are many other contributing factors .
In this country , African @-@ American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white counterparts .
There are varying explanations .
Globally , patterns of early puberty appear to be influenced by everything from economic conditions to climate to genes .
Another conundrum : Although boys are getting facial and pubic hair at younger ages , the trend toward full @-@ blown early puberty is not as pronounced as it is with girls .
Other doctors attending the AAP conference reinforced the complexities of the topic .
The appearance of acne and pubic hair is common even in infants and toddlers .
&quot; We need to be careful about how we identify the true onset of puberty , &quot; said Dr. Lawrence Silverman , a pediatric endocrinologist at Goryeb Children &apos;s Hospital in Morristown , New Jersey .
Parents should not hesitate to get guidance from their pediatrician about how to talk with their child .
&quot; It may mean having a sooner @-@ than @-@ expected conversation , &quot; Kaplowitz advised .
If you remain calm , your child usually will respond well .
Girls who blossom early need reassurance that , even when it happens ahead of schedule , the process is a normal part of life .
Coen Brothers &apos; Homage to Folk Music
&quot; Inside Llewyn Davis &quot; by the Coen brothers , winners of the Grand Prix at the last Cannes Film Festival , is a nostalgic comedy set in Greenwich Village in 1961 and based on folk music , which was just budding there prior to the arrival of Bob Dylan .
Joel and Ethan Coen , whose filmography has recently been the subject of a review at the &quot; Cinémathèque française &quot; , scooped the Palme d &apos;Or at Cannes in 1991 with Barton Fink .
Since they could not hire Dylan or the Peter , Paul and Mary trio , Joel and Ethan Coen opted for a rising American movie star , Oscar Isaac , aged 33 , and global pop star Justin Timberlake .
In this film bursting with humour , where the music is a central character and the songs are performed live , Oscar Isaac proved himself to be an accomplished folk musician and singer , while Timberlake , his friend in the film , abandons pop for folk music with contagious glee .
Carey Mulligan , in turn , abandons the wealthy trappings of Daisy Buchanan in &quot; The Great Gatsby &quot; for less glitzy clothes ; her singing voice is soft , but her language very coarse when she speaks .
&quot; Inside Llewyn Davis &quot; tells the story of a week of tribulations for a folk singer who has failed to get a break and is angry with the whole world .
He reluctantly accepts last minute stand @-@ in roles at studios .
With nowhere to live , he sleeps on the couches of friends who will still have him .
Documentary @-@ style
&quot; His relationship with success is tortured , and that &apos;s what interested us : a mix of bad luck and a guy who &apos;s never in the right place at the right time , not career @-@ orientated , but honest , with a tendency towards self @-@ destruction , &quot; Ethan Coen , who , with his brother Joel , has won several Oscars and Cannes prizes , told the press .
Even though Llewyn Davis never existed , the two directors , who are folk music fans , based their story on real people of the time , such as folk musician Dave Van Ronk .
The idea was to portray the moment preceding the advent of Greenwich Village , the New York district destined to become &quot; the epicentre of the folk music boom that created international stars &quot; , according to the journalist Elijah Wald , a friend of Van Ronk .
The film has the feel of a documentary , from the fusty record label overrun with unsold LPs and inhabited by a priceless old secretary , to the musical choices of the studios of the day and the cafés where the singers performed .
The Coen brothers &apos; magic continues to work by integrating a comical character who is permanently on screen : a magnificent , cute ginger cat who is Llewyn Davis &apos; companion in fate .
Asked how he had developed his character , the actor and singer Justin Timberlake recalled how he &quot; grew up in Tennessee , bathed in the blues and country music &quot; .
&quot; My first music lessons were given to me by my grandfather . He taught me to play the guitar , &quot; he added .
Timberlake says that although you have to work &quot; to be considered good ... luck can also launch your career ... more and more so today &quot; .
Like Llewyn Davis , who refuses to compromise on his music , the pop star says that in a career , &quot; the most important thing is to avoid getting trapped by things that prevent us from expressing ourselves &quot; .
Gerard de Villiers , &quot; SAS &quot; Series Author , Dies .
He never got to know the meaning of the word &quot; retirement &quot; .
Gerard de Villiers , a phenomenon of the French writing world , who died on Thursday at 83 , had just published his 200th &quot; SAS &quot; book , &quot; La Vengeance du Kremlin &quot; .
In February , the New York Times dubbed him &quot; the spy novelist who knew too much &quot; .
He had just spent ten days in Afghanistan , the setting of numbers 198 and 199 of his celebrated spy novel series .
He had been in poor health since having a major heart attack in December 2010 , and , on this trip , he had been using a walking frame .
Prior to Afghanistan , he had also been to Libya , Russia , Lebanon and Mali .
Gerard Villiers , who was born on 8 December 1929 in Paris , published four SAS books every year , and said he did not know how many books he had sold since the publication of &quot; SAS à Istanbul &quot; , the first in the series , almost half a century ago in 1965 .
&quot; Probably between 120 and 150 million , if you include every country , &quot; he conjectured last March .
In the living room of his huge apartment in a building on Avenue Foch , just a short distance from the Arc de Triomphe , with his Burmese cat on his knee and a mischievous twinkle in his eye under the white hair , he listed some of the languages the adventures of SAS had been translated into : Italian , German , Russian , Greek , Japanese and Korean .
&quot; That &apos;s not counting the pirate publications , &quot; he added , pointing to a pile of books on the low table , between the bronze and ivory artefacts collected from the 130 countries he had surveyed for the settings of his novels .
At the price of a packet of cigarettes , the reader gets a book bearing the traditional cover , featuring a photo of a young woman with an ample bosom , carrying a pistol or an assault rifle .
Inside , His Serene Highness ( SAS ) Prince Malko Linge , a penniless Austrian aristocrat and contract agent for the CIA ( to pay the bills for repairing the family mansion ) , is hot on the heels of all the world &apos;s evil @-@ doers - communists in the 70s and 80s , then jihadists since the 90s .
Each book follows the same formula : a large dose of geopolitics and the exotic , several racy sex scenes , a touch of violence and torture .
&quot; I never made any claim to being an author of great literature , &quot; explained Gerard de Villiers .
&quot; I think of myself as a storyteller who writes to entertain people , not send them a message . &quot;
He worked &quot; like the great pre @-@ war reporters , in the likes of Albert Londres , who went on location and came back with proper , lengthy investigations . &quot;
The creator of SAS said he was &quot; making a sort of geopolitical soap opera &quot; .
&quot; I follow up my files ( on Afghanistan , Syria etc ) constantly before setting off , &quot; added de Villiers .
On location , I meet journalists , including those of the AFP , diplomats , and services staff , some of whom I have known for twenty or thirty years .
As a result , some of his SAS novels have been premonitory : a month before an attack on a command centre of the Syrian government , in which several senior officials were killed , he had already told the story in &quot; Le Chemin de Damas &quot; .
In &quot; Les Fous de Benghazi &quot; , he was the first to reveal the existence of a secret CIA command centre in the city , the cradle of the Libyan revolt .
In 1980 , he described the assassination of Egyptian president Anwar Sadat in &quot; Le complot du Caire &quot; a year before the attack .
In October 2012 , in &quot; Panique à Bamako &quot; , he mentioned columns of 4x4s of jihadists sweeping towards the Malian capital .
&quot; I &apos;m no seer , &quot; Gerard de Villiers would say in his defence . &quot; I simply make conjectures based on countries that I know well and , occasionally , some of my conjectures come true . &quot;
After travelling to - often troubled - zones , he would spend a month at his 1976 IBM daisy wheel typewriter , &quot; every part of which has been replaced &quot; .
300 pages later , he would write the words &quot; The End &quot; and correct each page by hand .
On the walls of his office hang AK @-@ 47 assault rifles , erotic photos and photos of the author with African war lords .
De Villiers was regularly criticised by feminist groups for male chauvinism and by human rights organisations for racism - accusations he would dismiss in two sentences :
&quot; Some women in my books are sex objects , others are beautiful , intelligent , brave women .
I have always been well @-@ received in Africa , where I have a very large number of readers . &quot;
Gerard de Villiers said it himself : &quot; Like all heroes , Malko Linge is ageless .
He will not die and will not retire .
Any more than I will . &quot;
Jet makers feud over seat width with big orders at stake
A row has flared up between leading plane makers over the width of tourist @-@ class seats on long @-@ distance flights , setting the tone for a bitter confrontation at this month &apos;s Dubai Airshow .
The dispute focuses on the width of seats provided on long @-@ haul flights for economy passengers - not always the ones most courted by airlines , but whose allocated space holds the key to efficiency claims for the latest jets offered by Airbus SAS and Boeing Co .
Airbus this week called for an industry standard that would provide for a seat at least 18 inches ( 46 cm ) wide in economy cabins , but its U.S. arch @-@ rival Boeing says it should be for airlines to decide .
The dispute comes as plane makers vie to sell ever @-@ larger versions of their twin @-@ engined long @-@ distance aircraft , with potentially record orders expected at the November 17 @-@ 21 event .
How the back of the plane is laid out - particularly whether seating is 9 or 10 abreast - is central to the economic performance claims being made for new &quot; mini @-@ jumbo &quot; jet designs .
Boeing says its revamped &quot; 777X &quot; will hold 406 people based on economy seats more than 17 inches wide and set out 10 in each row .
Airbus says the competing version of its A350 will carry 350 people in 18 @-@ inch @-@ wide economy seat laid out 9 abreast .
Plane giants often trade blows on technical matters through advertising in the trade press .
Now , Airbus is appealing directly to the public ahead of the Dubai Airshow , where the 777X is expected to dominate with more than 100 orders .
It recently previewed what may be the start of a new ad war by showing financiers a slide illustrating three people squashed together at a restaurant , titled &quot; Would You Accept This ? &quot;
&quot; Boeing is proposing long @-@ distance flying in seats narrower than regional turbo @-@ props , &quot; said Airbus sales chief John Leahy .
As diets change , people get bigger but plane seating has not radically changed .
Between the early 1970s , when the Boeing 747 jumbo defined modern long @-@ haul travel , and the turn of the century , the weight of the average American 40- to 49 @-@ year @-@ old male increased by 10 per cent , according to U.S. Health Department Data .
The waist of the average 21st @-@ century American male is 39.7 inches , according to U.S. health statistics .
Airbus says its rival is sticking to a seat concept from the 1950s , when the average girth of the newly christened &quot; jet set &quot; was narrower .
Airbus says it has commissioned research suggesting an extra inch in seat width improves sleep quality by 53 per cent .
Boeing disputes Airbus &apos;s figures on seat measurements and says it is not up to manufacturers to step into decisions on how airlines balance fares and facilities .
It also says research shows cabin experience depends on more than the width of a seat .
&quot; It really comes down to providing flexibility to airlines and allowing them to do the things that they believe they need to do to be successful , &quot; said Boeing cabins expert Kent Craver .
They don &apos;t want us to dictate to them what makes them profitable .
They know their business better than anyone else .
For flyers it is about more elbow room , but for suppliers it is increasingly an issue that could affect earnings .
Behind the dispute is a race for plane orders with at least $ 700 @-@ billion of estimated business at list prices in coming decades , enough to tip the scales of U.S. and European exports .
As Reuters first reported in July , seat layout is exactly what drives the battle between the latest jets .
Both Airbus and Boeing claim 20 per cent better efficiency per seat in their latest twin @-@ engined long @-@ haul designs than the market leader in that segment , the 365 @-@ seat Boeing 777 @-@ 300ER .
Boeing &apos;s performance claims depend in part on comparing the 10 @-@ abreast 777X with an original 9 @-@ abreast 777 design .
The gain in unit costs is blunted compared with 10 @-@ abreast now in use .
&quot; The reason Boeing are doing this is to cram more seats in to make their plane more competitive with our products , &quot; said Kevin Keniston , head of passenger comfort at Europe &apos;s Airbus .
On the other hand , analysts say full 10 @-@ seat @-@ per @-@ row cabins for existing 777s suggest many passengers are voting for the denser layout , which may go hand in hand with cheaper fares .
&quot; Eighteen inches in seat width would be great for passengers , but the reality is that from a business point of the Airbus proposal is driven by the threat of the 777 , &quot; said cabin interiors expert Mary Kirby , founder and editor of the Runway Girl Network .
Airbus and Boeing do not supply seats but offer a catalogue of suppliers for airlines to choose from .
Globe @-@ trotting jet sellers even carry tape measures to check on competing layouts .
While boasting comfort , all builders also offer jets with high @-@ density layouts for low @-@ cost airlines and regional travel .
Airbus offers a 10 @-@ abreast A350 but says it has not yet sold it .
Until recently , Airbus was stressing the need for more cabin customization by offering wider aisle seats on some of its jets .
Without the support of the only other maker of large modern jets , experts say its call for a new industry standard is unlikely to fly , but could distract from a wave of 777X sales .
Oracle Shareholders Angry at Ellison Salary
A majority of shareholders at Oracle voted against the proposed remuneration package for founder and managing director Larry Ellison on Thursday in view of his group &apos;s financial performance .
The vote is not binding , but it does tarnish the image of Ellison , the third richest man in the world , who is still revelling in his boat &apos;s victory in the Americas Cup .
The multimillionaire still holds 25 % of the capital in the software group he co @-@ founded 40 years ago .
Just last year , Ellison got a negative vote on his remuneration package .
The Oracle boss relinquished a $ 1.2 million bonus for the 2013 financial year , which ended in May , because of the group &apos;s poor performances . The group had failed to meet its growth targets , but he did pick up around $ 77 million linked to stock options .
His fixed salary is a nominal $ 1 .
Throughout the non @-@ calendar 2013 fiscal year , Oracle &apos;s net profit grew by 3.5 % , while its share price rose 27.5 % , outperforming the S &amp; P @-@ 500 index which grew 24 % in the same period .
New anti @-@ nicotine vaccine could take the pleasure out of smoking
Scientists have developed an anti @-@ nicotine vaccine that could take the pleasure out of smoking a cigarette .
A single dose of the vaccine was able to protect mice against nicotine addiction for life .
Further tests are needed before starting human trials , which would take several years , but Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York said the early signs are good .
&quot; We are very hopeful that this kind of vaccine strategy can finally help the millions of smokers who have tried to stop , exhausting all the methods on the market today , but find their nicotine addiction to be strong enough to overcome these current approaches , &quot; Prof Cornell said .
The new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been engineered to carry the genetic information to make anti @-@ nicotine antibodies .
The virus selectively infects liver cells , which then start to make a steady stream of the antibodies .
The antibodies hunt down any nicotine molecules in the bloodstream , neutralising them before they reached the brain , preventing a smoker from getting a nicotine hit .
In tests , vaccinated mice who were subsequently given nicotine continued with their normal activity .
But mice who had not been given the vaccine &quot; chilled out , &quot; say the researchers , a sign that the nicotine had reached their brains .
The experiments are described in the journal Science Translational Medicine .
Previous tobacco vaccines failed because they contained antibodies .
The jabs had to be given so frequently to keep antibody levels topped up that they proved expensive and impractical .
But the cost of the new vaccine is likely to be far lower , because it turns liver cells into antibody factories .
Prof Crystal said that if a future human vaccine was completely safe it could be given to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette , preventing nicotine addiction .
But more likely it would be used by smokers to quit .
&quot; They will know if they start smoking again , they will receive no pleasure from it due to the nicotine vaccine , and that can help them kick the habit , &quot; he said .
British scientists said the results were interesting but warned far more research was needed .
Drone Kills Pakistani Taliban Leader
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban movement , Hakimullah Mehsud , was killed in an American drone strike in Pakistan on Friday , according to security services .
Hakimullah Mehsud &apos;s death has been announced several times before in the past .
However , intelligence personnel , army staff and political activists have confirmed this time that he has lost his life in the strike , which was carried out in the region of North Waziristan .
&quot; We can confirm that Hakimullah Mehsud has been killed in a drone strike , &quot; said a senior security services official .
The previous day , the Pakistani Prime Minister , Nawaz Sharif , informed the British government on a trip to London that discussions had been initiated with Tehrik e Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , the Pakistani Taliban movement .
Tripodi denies being influenced by Obeid
Former NSW Labor minister Joe Tripodi will be investigated by the state &apos;s corruption watchdog .
Former NSW minister Joe Tripodi has denied changing maritime leases policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid , who had hidden interests in three properties on government @-@ controlled land .
The Independent Commission Against Corruption ( ICAC ) on Friday widened its inquiry into whether Mr Obeid lobbied several state ministers to have leases at Circular Quay , where the Obeids owned two restaurants and a cafe , renewed without going to tender after their expiration in August 2005 .
It &apos;s now investigating allegations Mr Tripodi knew of Mr Obeid &apos;s secret interest in the properties , after evidence given by Mr Tripodi &apos;s former deputy chief of staff , Lynne Ashpole , on Thursday .
During years of discussions starting in 2005 the government had been pushing for the leases to go to public tender .
The lessees were against this and also wanted longer terms .
In 2009 leases for the Circular Quay enterprises , which earned the Obeids about $ 2.5 million annually , were renewed without going to public tender .
Mr Tripodi , who was ports minister from February 2006 until November 2009 , was initially in favour of public tenders .
But he denied the changes were made at the request of Mr Obeid , who Mr Tripodi acknowledged was urging a shift in government lease policy .
A phone transcript tabled in ICAC showed calls in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid , Mr Tripodi and Steve Dunn , a senior bureaucrat who had come into the ports ministry after working under Mr Obeid in the fisheries department .
&quot; Was the matter being discussed in the course of these telephone conversations the development of the commercial lease policy , &quot; Assistant Commissioner Anthony Whealy asked Mr Tripodi .
&quot; No , &quot; Mr Tripodi replied .
I can &apos;t remember what was discussed but it definitely wasn &apos;t that .
Definitely not between myself and Mr Obeid .
Israeli warplanes attack target inside Syria , official says
Israeli warplanes struck a target inside the Syrian port city of Latakia Thursday night , a senior administration official confirms to Fox News .
The official did not specify what the target was , but said there was at least one .
The Associated Press reports the target was Russian @-@ made SA @-@ 125 missiles .
At least twice earlier this year Israel launched airstrikes on shipments of missiles inside Syria .
Foreign workers on 457 visas could undergo &quot; genuineness &quot; test
A &quot; genuineness &quot; test for foreign workers on 457 visas is being considered by the government as it contemplates expanding a crackdown .
The test , if adopted , would be applied through a criteria aimed at preventing 457s being used to fill unskilled positions or as a back door way to move family and friends to Australia .
A government discussion paper was released today as former Labor MP Maxine McKew slammed the government &apos;s rhetoric about foreign workers , saying it could offend Australia &apos;s neighbours .
&quot; Loud declarations about &apos; foreigners getting to the back of the queue &apos; and &apos; Aussie jobs first &apos; are a very unpleasant throwback to a time when unions demanded a protected labor market , &quot; she told the Australia India Institute today .
Historically , that meant it was white labour that had to be protected - and if some in the region saw echoes of that historic artifact , I wouldn &apos;t be surprised .
The discussion paper outlines 12 measures that were previously considered by former Immigration Minister Chris Bowen .
Immigration Minister Brendan O &apos;Connor , who was yesterday in Sri Lanka where he is meeting officials about people smuggling , has implemented five of the recommended changes with the remainder under consideration .
If the &quot; genuineness &quot; criteria was adopted a visa applicant could be scrutinised about &quot; whether the nomination is genuine in circumstances where the nominee is a relation or personal associate of an owner or relevant person of the sponsoring business . &quot;
Businesses could also be required to account for the number of 457 visa holders after previously businesses who had intended to sponsor a small number of workers then employed hundreds .
Meanwhile , a 35 @-@ year @-@ old Sri Lankan asylum seeker died of a suspected heart attack after arriving on an asylum boat at Christmas Island this week .
The man &apos;s distraught nine @-@ year @-@ old son travelled to Australia with him and has been comforted since the death of his father on Wednesday by an adult cousin who was also on the vessel .
Australian authorities rushed the man to Christmas Island Hospital , where he died .
A study aiming to increase the benefits to Scotland of the HS2 rail project has been announced by the UK government .
The work by HS2 Ltd suggests high @-@ speed services to Scotland and the north of England will start as soon as Phase One opens in 2026 .
Transport minister Baroness Kramer said the project would &quot; bring the UK together . &quot;
Scottish transport minister Keith Brown said he was &quot; excited &quot; to work with the UK government on the plan .
Phase One will consist of a new high speed rail line between London and the West Midlands .
When Phase Two is completed , lines will run to Manchester and Leeds .
In June the government revised the estimated cost of building the high @-@ speed link between London and the North of England from £ 32.7bn to £ 42.6bn.
The UK government , which has been holding talks with Transport Scotland , has instructed HS2 Ltd to look at further rail capacity and journey time improvements for northern England and Scotland .
This is to include the possibility of eventual journey times from Glasgow and Edinburgh to London of three hours or less .
Baroness Kramer said : &quot; Our goal for HS2 is for a truly national network that will bring the UK and its cities closer together . &quot;
We are driving forward HS2 because the benefits it will bring are huge .
Without it we face a crisis in capacity on our rail network .
But it is also about connectivity , across the UK 18 cities including Glasgow and Edinburgh will be better connected because of HS2 .
Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael added : &quot; Today &apos;s announcement is good news for Scotland . &quot;
For the Scottish government , Keith Brown called on Mr Carmichael to &quot; unequivocally &quot; back Scotland &apos;s inclusion in the HS2 network .
Mr Brown said : &quot; High speed rail has the potential to bring huge economic benefits to Scotland , but also adds Scotland &apos;s economic weight to the overall case for high speed rail across Britain . &quot;
So we are excited to work in partnership with the UK Government to examine options for bringing high speed rail to Scotland , creating benefit for all and complementing the Glasgow @-@ Edinburgh line which the Scottish Government is already planning .
I look forward to reviewing the report of the investigation with UK ministers next year and together decide on the next steps .
Aircraft electronic device rules to stay in force in Australia for now
Australian airline passengers will need to continue turning off their tablets and smart phones during take @-@ off and landing despite moves in the US to loosen regulations covering the devices .
The US Federal Aviation Administration has left the way open for American carriers to change their procedures so that passengers will be able to read e @-@ books , watch videos or play games on their devices during critical phases of flight provided they remain in &quot; airplane &quot; mode .
Passengers can already do this during the bulk of a flight but many people find it annoying to be unable to access their e @-@ books during take @-@ offs and landings .
Australian carriers are looking at the decision , which requires US carriers to undertake a massive amount of work to meet the requirements , but have indicated they have no immediate plans to change their procedures .
The Civil Aviation Safety Authority also said it was looking at the announcement but emphasised that restrictions on the use of electronic devices in critical phases of flight were still in place in Australia .
&quot; CASA currently has no specific regulations governing the use of electronic devices in aircraft , &quot; it said .
The issue is covered by regulations which require aircraft operators to ensure safety is maintained at all times and passengers to comply with the safety instructions given by crew members .
Virgin , which has already been talking to CASA about extending the use its in @-@ flight wi @-@ fi entertainment system , was amenable to a change but said it would take its lead from the regulator .
&quot; We would welcome a review by CASA into allowing the use of electronic devices because we really do think it will improve the customer experience now that we have ( wireless in @-@ flight entertainment ) on our planes , &quot; a spokesman said .
Qantas said it would stick with the current rules for now .
&quot; Our current policy is that electronic devices cannot be used during take @-@ off and landing and we have no immediate plans to change that , &quot; it said .
The FAA ruling applies to American airlines .
However , we are always interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers and we will certainly be taking a close look at the FAA &apos;s decision and the reasons behind it .
For US carriers , the impact of the ruling will vary from airline to airline and will depend on the age of their fleet .
Carriers will need to prove their planes can tolerate radio interference from mobile devices as well as revise manuals , training materials , carry @-@ on baggage programs and passenger briefings .
&quot; Once an airline verifies the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use handheld , lightweight electronic devices such as tablets , e @-@ readers , and smartphones @-@ at all altitudes , &quot; the FAA said .
In rare instances of low visibility , the crew will instruct passengers to turn off their devices during landing .
The group also recommended that heavier devices should be safely stowed under seats or in overhead bins during take @-@ off and landing .
Pia : At Least Four Injured in Violent Skirmish
The small town of Pia experienced an unusual height of fever on Thursday evening .
This involved three police vehicles , two ambulances and a group of about thirty people , according to reports .
This day of Halloween , Pia had a troubled evening marked by the outbreak of a brawl involving a number of people around the post office .
Reports say at least four people were slightly injured .
The police , who had been alerted , stepped in to separate the belligerents and make sure that the injured received medical attention .
Pawnbrokers shine in Singapore as middle class feel the pinch
At a pawnshop in Bendemeer shopping centre in Singapore , Janani Amirthalinga is swapping a gold bangle , ring and pair of earrings to pay her daughters &quot; school fees .
&quot; My husband and I have just bought a house so all my money &apos;s stuck there , &quot; Mrs Amirthalinga says .
Even though she earns S $ 3,000 ( $ 2,400 ) a month as an administrator and her husband works as well , the monthly family income is insufficient , she says .
Indeed , such is demand across parts of southeast Asia - where household debt is rising - that ValueMax , where she is carrying out her transaction , this week became the third pawnshop to list on the Singapore stock exchange .
Pawning jewellery is not merely a fast way to land cash - S $ 1,300 in Ms Amirthalinga &apos;s case - but almost as cheap as unsecured bank loans .
Typically pawnbrokers in Singapore charge an effective annual percentage rate of 17 per cent , just above the 15.4 per cent offered at United Overseas Bank , a local lender with a branch in the same shopping centre .
However , pawnbrokers have the advantage of not requiring credit checks or proof of salary , and can arrange loans faster than banks .
Hence millions of people across the region are turning to pawnshops as families feel the squeeze from rising living costs and ballooning household and consumer debt .
After five years of robust growth since the global financial crisis , and cheap credit fuelled by loose monetary policy in advanced economies , lower- and middle @-@ income families are turning to pawn shops to make up the difference as their economies slow .
This week Standard &amp; Poor &apos;s , the rating agency , cited increasing household leverage , mainly from rising mortgages , as a risk factor for Asian banks &quot; creditworthiness .
It said that Malaysia , Thailand and Singapore had the highest household debt to gross domestic product ratios in Asia .
Malaysia topped the list at 80 per cent of GDP , up from 60 per cent in 2008 .
Economists are also worried about high levels of consumer debt in Thailand , which this week narrowly emerged from technical recession .
On Thursday , data showed continued export weakness , and a softening in consumer demand .
&quot; Bottom line is that with costs rising , people in the middle to lower end &#91; of the income scale &#93; will be looking to supplement their income wherever they can , &quot; says Song Seng Wun , economist at CIMB , a Malaysian bank .
Historically high prices for gold in the past two years have added to the rush to pawn personal belongings , as people take the opportunity to cash in the value of their family jewellery .
In Singapore , about 70 per cent of items pawned at the city @-@ state &apos;s 200 pawn outlets are gold .
People are saying &quot; the gold price looks good , let &apos;s pawn grandma &apos;s gold chain and get it back next month .
In Thailand the largest pawnshop operator , EasyMoney , has seen an up to 20 per cent rise in the number of customers using its outlets in recent months .
Such is the growth in the pawn business that ValueMax , operator of the outlet at Bendemeer and of 15 others like it in Singapore , plans to expand not only in neighbouring Malaysia - where it has four shops - but outside Asia too , says Yeah Lee Ching , ValueMax &apos;s executive director .
The company will fund that by using 60 per cent of S $ 66m it raised this week in a listing on the Singapore stock exchange .
While some discount lenders have come under fire for high interest rates , Ms Yeah says that not only does pawning offer cheaper rates than other lenders , it also does not add directly to debt .
&quot; Customers are mortgaging items that they already own , and monetising personal assets does not increase household debt , &quot; she says .
There &apos;s an increased social acceptance of pawnbroking as a means to secure short term , secured financing .
Nor are the types of people who use pawnbrokers only the financially stretched .
Wealthy people in Singapore also use ValueMax outlets , pawning gold bars or Rolex watches , which can command up to 60 per cent of their purchase price in cash .
We see customers from all walks of life .
&quot; They include wealthy individuals who need to borrow short term for business ventures or investments , or small businesses with a need to tide over their cash flow needs , &quot; says Ms Yeah .
Sometimes they just need the money very quickly .
Minister Accused of Child Pornography in Nova Scotia
A minister who was in charge of children in the area of Halifax , Nova Scotia , has been accused of child pornography .
Aaron Hudgins , aged 30 , was arrested on Friday morning following a search at his home and at the National Research Council office where he works .
Timberlay Baptist Church , where he officiated as minister , said it was deeply saddened by the news .
In a statement , church officials said that Mr Hudgins had resigned from his post .
The minister has been conditionally released .
To be specific , he is not allowed to communicate with anyone under 18 or to access the Internet .
He shall appear before the provincial court in Halifax in December .
Man Wearing Nazi Uniform Chased Away from Supermarket
A man dressed in a Nazi uniform with a swastika armband was asked to leave a British supermarket following complaints by customers to the manager of the shop , who called the police , according to the shop on Friday .
&quot; We received a number of complaints from customers , so we asked him to leave the shop , &quot; explained a spokesperson for the Asda chain of supermarkets .
The shop called the police for assistance , but &quot; by the time they arrived he had already left without making a scene , &quot; she added .
&quot; I was queuing when I saw a woman who seemed very upset .
People were flabbergasted .
You don &apos;t go out in public dressed like that unless you want to attract attention , &quot; said one customer , Rosina Rusin , 60 , to the Cambridge News .
The incident occurred on Thursday - Halloween - when it is customary to dress up as a monster , but it is hard to believe that this was a hoax .
A man from Cambridge claimed responsibility for the act on his Twitter account , where he posted pictures of Adolf Hitler .
&quot; I have been wearing a black SS armband in Asda twice a week for three years , &quot; claimed Paul Dutton , explaining that he was suffering from &quot; mental problems &quot; .
$ 325m rescue package for Tassie health
The Federal Government insists a $ 325 million rescue package for Tasmania &apos;s ailing health system has tough conditions attached that will ensure the State Government can &apos;t waste the funds .
Federal Health Minister Tanya Plibersek has announced the Commonwealth is taking &quot; urgent action &quot; to head off a crisis caused by the island state &apos;s aging population , higher rates of chronic disease and system constraints .
The funding , over four years , was decided after government consultations with Tasmanian independent MP Andrew Wilkie .
&quot; The Government has come up with an emergency rescue package we believe will address the unique challenges faced by the state , &quot; Ms Plibersek said today .
The $ 325 million package includes a $ 31 million elective surgery blitz .
An additional 2600 operations including orthopedic and cataract surgery will help clear a backlog .
There &apos;s also money for walk @-@ in clinics in Hobart and Launceston , better after @-@ hospital care , medical specialist training , mental health services and the rollout of personal electronic health record systems in local hospitals .
&quot; These investments respond to the ideas that front @-@ line clinicians have told me will be the best ways to tend to Tasmania &apos;s health system , &quot; Ms Plibersek said .
The minister insisted the Tasmanian Government would face a strict reporting and accountability regime .
The state would have to maintain current funding levels in order to receive Commonwealth cash and report monthly on where it was spending the extra funds .
A three @-@ person commission will be set up to ensure the state is delivering services as effectively and efficiently as possible .
Mr Wilkie today said the $ 325 million would count for little &quot; unless it &apos;s followed by genuine reform to put Tasmania &apos;s public health system on a more sustainable footing . &quot;
He nevertheless praised the Government for responding to his request for urgent assistance which he first raised with the Prime Minister at the beginning of May .
&quot; I &apos;m hopeful the federal assistance package will go a long way towards taking the state &apos;s public health system off the critical list , &quot; Mr Wilkie said .
According to the State Government these additional elective procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts .
But federal Opposition health spokesman Peter Dutton believes today &apos;s announcement is a &quot; band @-@ aid solution . &quot;
&quot; The reason we are here is that the Labor State Government ripped $ 430 million out of its health system , &quot; he told ABC TV .
You can &apos;t have a state government ripping out almost half @-@ a @-@ billion dollars and the Commonwealth put in $ 300 million and pretend it &apos;s a good news day .
Mr Dutton called on Ms Plibersek to guarantee that not one dollar out of the rescue package would be spent on additional bureaucracy .
Guillaume Nicloux &apos;s adaptation of Denis Diderot &apos;s novel boasts exceptional production design and period detail but is also heavier going than it should be .
Unfolding in 1760s France , it tells the grim story of Suzanne , a young aristocrat sent to a convent by her family .
When she rebels , she experiences extreme cruelty at the hands of a wantonly sadistic Mother Superior and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another .
The film never slips into prurience or sensationalism - and that &apos;s the problem .
The earnest solemnity of the storytelling risks making it a hair shirt @-@ like ordeal for audiences , too .
Syria has destroyed its chemical weapons making ability , watchdog group says
Syria has destroyed critical equipment for producing chemical weapons and poison gas munitions , the global chemical weapons watchdog said Thursday as fierce clashes raged in the country &apos;s north , close to one of the sites where toxic agents are believed to be stored .
Also Thursday , a Syrian activist group said more than 120,000 people have been killed since the start of the country &apos;s civil war nearly three years ago .
The announcement by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons came one day ahead of the Nov.
1 deadline set by The Hague @-@ based organization for Damascus to destroy or &quot; render inoperable &quot; all chemical weapon production facilities and machinery for mixing chemicals into poison gas and filling munitions .
The completion of what is essentially the initial stage of destruction is a significant milestone in an ambitious timeline that aims to destroy all of Damascus &apos; chemical weapons by mid @-@ 2014 .
Destruction of the equipment means that Syria can no longer produce new chemical weapons .
However , Damascus still has to start destroying existing weapons and stockpiles .
The country is believed to have around 1,000 metric tons of chemicals and weapons including mustard gas and the nerve agent sarin .
The announcement came as fighting raged Thursday in the town of Safira , which experts say is home to a chemical weapons production facility as well as storage sites , reported the Britain @-@ based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights .
The activist group , which has been tracking the death toll through a network of activists in Syria , said Thursday that 120,296 people have died .
Of those , it said 61,067 are civilians , including 6,365 children .
On the government side , it said 29,954 are members of President Bashar Assad &apos;s armed forces , 18,678 are pro @-@ government fighters and 187 are Lebanese Hezbollah militants .
Also among the dead it said were 2,202 army defectors and some 5,375 opposition fighters , many of them foreigners .
On July 25 , the U.N. estimated 100,000 have died in the conflict since March 2011 .
It has not updated that figure since .
The conflict has forced some 2 million people to flee the country .
Assad &apos;s troops have been battling rebels , many of them linked to al @-@ Qaida groups , in Safira for weeks .
The Observatory said there were casualties on both sides Thursday but had no specifics .
The fighting underscored the dangers the chemical weapons &apos; inspectors face as they race against tight deadlines in their mission to rid Syria of the toxic arsenal in the midst of an ongoing civil war .
A statement from the OPCW , which works closely with the United Nations , said its team was &quot; now satisfied that it has verified - and seen destroyed - all of Syria &apos;s declared critical production and mixing / filling equipment . &quot;
It added that , &quot; no further inspection activities are currently planned . &quot;
Earlier this week , the inspectors said they had completed their first round of verification work , visiting 21 of 23 sites declared by Damascus .
They were unable to visit two sites because of security concerns , the inspectors said .
On Thursday , OPCW said the two locations were , according to Syria , &quot; abandoned and ... the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites , which were inspected . &quot;
It was not immediately clear if the facility in Safira was one of the two sites that OPCW inspectors were not able to visit .
Syria has submitted a plan for the total destruction of its chemical weapons that has to be approved next month by the OPCW &apos;s executive committee .
&quot; I salute the fortitude and courage you &apos;ve all demonstrated in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever undertaken by this organization , &quot; the watchdog &apos;s director @-@ general , Ahmet Uzumcu , said in comments released by the OPCW .
Now in its third year , the civil war pits the primarily Sunni Muslim rebels against Assad &apos;s government and its security forces , which are stacked with members of his Alawite sect , an offshoot of Shiite Islam .
In other developments , the Observatory &apos;s chief Rami Abdurrahman said there had been a strong explosion Wednesday inside an air defense facility in Syria &apos;s coastal province of Latakia .
The cause of the blast was not known , he said .
Anger over Bali bomb plotter &apos;s sentence
Survivors and relatives of the 202 people killed in the 2002 Bali bombing have reacted with anger over the sentence given to the last of the plotters to face justice , saying Umar Patek should face a firing squad .
Patek , who spent almost 10 years on the run as one of South @-@ East Asia &apos;s most wanted , was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in jail for his role in building the explosive devices used in the bombing .
He could be released within 15 years if granted parole .
The 45 @-@ year @-@ old was found guilty of mass murder for the attack on two nightclubs in the popular tourist area of Kuta which left 202 people dead , including 88 Australians , and injured scores more .
He was also found guilty of a number of other terrorism @-@ related charges , including a wave of bombings of churches across Indonesia on Christmas Eve in 2000 .
Prosecutors had demanded a life sentence , although they could have pushed that the man dubbed the &quot; Demolition Man &quot; for his reputation as a master bomb @-@ maker be sentenced to death .
The decision has reignited painful memories for Perth mother June Corteen , who lost her 39 @-@ year @-@ old twin daughters Jane and Jenny in the destruction unleashed by Patek and his co @-@ conspirators almost a decade ago .
Fighting back tears , she said Patek should have been sentenced to death .
I really feel that he should follow in the footsteps of the other guys .
&quot; He should be put in front of the firing squad , &quot; Ms Corteen told AAP .
I have to live every day without seeing more grandchildren , and my daughters .
The Sari Club was levelled when a massive bomb loaded into a van parked outside was detonated just after 11pm on October 12 , 2002 .
Peter Hughes was in Paddy &apos;s Bar where a suicide bomber detonated a backpack loaded with explosives just 20 seconds earlier .
He lapsed into a month @-@ long coma in the wake of the bombing , and &quot; died &quot; three times while on life support .
Mr Hughes said Patek should have shared the same fate as three other members of the Jemaah Islamiah terror cell responsible for the carnage - Amrozi , Mukhlas and Imam Samudra - who were executed four years ago .
Really , this guy should get the death penalty before anybody .
To keep him alive , well , there &apos;s no reason to keep him alive .
To get 20 years , after killing 202 people and injuring many hundreds , it &apos;s not much .
Patek is the last of the Bali bombers to face justice .
He had avoided capture for almost a decade but was eventually apprehended in January 2011 in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad , where US forces killed former al @-@ Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden less than four months later .
During the trial , an FBI agent testified that intelligence reports had revealed Patek was in Pakistan to meet with bin Laden in an effort to re @-@ establish links between South @-@ East Asian terrorist groups and al @-@ Qaeda .
&quot; He didn &apos;t give himself up , &quot; Ms Corteen said .
Until just recently , he really didn &apos;t feel sorry for how much grief he caused other people .
The verdict comes ahead of the 10th anniversary of the attack later this year , which will be marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia .
&quot; There will be a lot of tears this year , &quot; Ms Corteen said .
Patek may yet appeal his sentence .
FAA : Air passengers can now use gadgets on planes ( but not make cell phone calls )
Airline passengers will be able to use their electronic devices gate @-@ to @-@ gate to read , work , play games , watch movies and listen to music - but not talk on their cellphones - under much @-@ anticipated new guidelines issued Thursday by the Federal Aviation Administration .
But passengers shouldn &apos;t expect changes to happen immediately .
How fast the change is implemented will vary by the airline , FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said at a news conference .
Airlines will have to show the FAA how their airplanes meet the new guidelines and that they &apos;ve updating their flight crew training manuals and rules for stowing devices to reflect the new guidelines .
The FAA said it has already received plans from some airlines to expand the use of portable electronic devices on planes .
Delta and JetBlue were among the airliners who have already submitted plans .
&quot; Depending on the condition of the plan , we could approve expanded use of electronic devices very soon , &quot; the FAA said in a statement .
Currently , passengers are required to turn off their smartphones , tablets and other devices once a plane &apos;s door closes .
They &apos;re not supposed to restart them until the planes reach 10,000 feet and the captain gives the go @-@ ahead .
Passengers are supposed to turn their devices off again as the plane descends to land and not restart them until the plane is on the ground .
Under the new guidelines , airlines whose planes are properly protected from electronic interference may allow passengers to use the devices during takeoffs , landings and taxiing , the FAA said .
Most new airliners and other planes that have been modified so that passengers can use Wifi at higher altitudes are expected to meet the criteria .
Laura Glading , president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants , welcomed the changes .
&quot; Once the new policy is safely implemented - and we &apos;re going to work closely with the carrier to do that - it will be a win @-@ win , &quot; Glading said in a statement .
We &apos;re frankly tired of feeling like &apos; hall monitors &apos; when it comes to this issue .
But connecting to the Internet to surf , exchange emails , text or download data will still be prohibited below 10,000 feet , the agency said .
Passengers will be told to switch their smartphones , tablets and other devices to airplane mode .
So , still no Words With Friends , the online Scrabble @-@ type game that actor Alec Baldwin was playing on his smartphone in 2011 when he was famously booted off an American Airlines jet for refusing to turn off the device while the plane was parked at the gate .
And heavier devices such as laptops will continue to have to be stowed because of concern they might injure someone if they go flying around the cabin .
In @-@ flight cellphone calls also will continue to be prohibited .
Regulatory authority over phone calls belongs to the Federal Communications Commission , not the FAA .
FAA may lift ban on some electronic devices during takeoff and landing
Last month , National Transportation Safety Board Mark Rosenker , a CBS News national transportation safety expert , said that cell phones are still considered a risk .
&quot; Cell phones , that really is an issue , not just because potentially it could create interference with navigational devices , but we do know , according to the FCC , that it could interfere with cell phone towers when they &apos;re in the air , &quot; Rosenker said .
An industry advisory committee created by the FAA to examine the issue recommended last month that the government permit greater use of personal electronic devices .
Pressure has been building on the FAA in recent years to ease restrictions on their use .
Critics such as Sen. Claire McCaskill , D @-@ Mo . , contend there is no valid safety reason for the prohibitions .
The restrictions have also become increasingly difficult to enforce as use of the devices has become ubiquitous .
Some studies indicate as many as a third of passengers forget or ignore directions to turn off their devices .
The FAA began restricting passengers &apos; use of electronic devices in 1966 in response to reports of interference with navigation and communications equipment when passengers began carrying FM radios , the high @-@ tech gadgets of their day .
New airliners are far more reliant on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft , but they are also designed and approved by the FAA to be resistant to electronic interference .
Airlines have been offering Wi @-@ Fi use at cruising altitudes to passengers for several years .
Planes modified for Wi @-@ Fi systems are also more resistant to interference .
The vast majority of airliners should qualify for greater electronic device use under the new guidelines , Huerta said .
Today &apos;s electronic devices generally emit much lower power radio transmissions than previous generations of devices .
E @-@ readers , for example , emit only minimal transmissions when turning a page .
But transmissions are stronger when devices are downloading or sending data .
Among those pressing for a relaxation of restrictions on passengers &apos; use of the devices has been Amazon.com.
In 2011 , company officials loaded an airliner full of their Kindle e @-@ readers and flew it around to test for problems but found none .
FAA advisory committee members expressed mixed feelings about whether use of the devices presents any risk .
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said he believes interference from the devices is genuine even if the risk is minimal .
Other committee members said there are only anecdotal reports from pilots to support that the devices can interfere with aircraft systems , and most of those reports are very old .
However , the committee recommended the FAA allow pilots to order passengers to shut off devices during instrument landings in low visibility .
A travel industry group welcomed the changes , calling them common @-@ sense accommodations for a traveling public now bristling with technology .
&quot; We &apos;re pleased the FAA recognizes that an enjoyable passenger experience is not incompatible with safety and security , &quot; said Roger Dow , CEO of the U.S. Travel Association .
Bird airlifted to safety from North Sea rig released back into wild
A bird airlifted ashore after being found exhausted on a North Sea oil rig has been released back into the wild .
The water rail was put on a helicopter to Aberdeen last month before being nursed back to health by the Scottish SPCA at its rescue centre in Alloa .
Centre manager Colin Seddon said : &quot; This water rail was likely a winter migrant from Northern Europe who got caught up in strong winds over the North Sea . &quot;
It seems the bird became exhausted and managed to find refuge on the oil rig .
He added : &quot; It was unable to fly off again so we were contacted for help . &quot;
The water rail was fit and well by the time it was released .
Is Europe &apos;s elite ready to do business with Britain ?
Business for Britain launched in April with a pledge to bring business together and define what the UK &apos;s wealth and job creators want to see changed in our relationship with the EU .
To that end , we commissioned the largest and most comprehensive poll of British business leaders asking them for their thoughts on Britain , business and the EU .
YouGov polled over 1,000 business leaders , broadly representative of Britain &apos;s business sizes , sectors and regions .
The conclusions of the poll will come as a surprise to many .
We found that the vast majority of businesses are now looking to export outside of Europe , focusing on countries that are modernising and growing while the EU states stagnate .
They want to see the Government prioritise new trading links with the likes of China , India and Brazil , rather than getting bogged down in the long and arduous process of reforming the EU &apos;s arcane institutions .
When asked their views on specific policy areas - ranging from monopoly regulation to product laws - the majority of business leaders thought that control of these key competences should be returned to Westminster .
There was general discontent with the Single Market , with businesses saying that the costs of Brussels regulation now outweighed the benefits of being part of Europe &apos;s trading area - even 40 per cent of large businesses , traditionally the most pro @-@ European of companies , agreed .
Finally , and most tellingly of all , our poll of business leaders found a clear majority wanted to see Britain pursue a course of treaty change and a relationship with the EU that is based on trade , not politics .
This finding , which was reflected across the sizes and major business groups , shows that business is pushing for a &quot; meaningful change &quot; that brings powers back to the UK .
The stakes are high - achieving treaty change and a better deal for Britain sees a 16 per cent swing towards voting to stay in the EU in a referendum .
The Prime Minister should be in no doubt : this poll shows that British business backs his plan for renegotiating the terms of Britain &apos;s membership of the EU .
It also shows that business expects that renegotiation to make a significant shift in the current balance of power back towards the UK .
A better deal for British business is possible , and increasingly necessary as the eurozone embarks on the road to closer economic and fiscal union .
The priority must be jobs and growth in Britain and , as the findings of our poll show , for business this means a renewed focus on trade and a fundamental change in Brussels &quot; regulatory approach .
United States Dressed for Halloween
US President Obama celebrated the tradition of Halloween .
Yesterday evening , he and his wife handed out sweets to hundreds of children invited to the gardens of the White House in Washington .
Last year , Halloween festivities on the east coast of the USA were cancelled because Hurricane Sandy was on its way .
So this year , the merrymakers made up for it .
In New York , thousands of people in costumes took part in the parade organised in the Greenwich Village district .
&quot; Everyone is super @-@ excited , &quot; said Andrea , one of the participants .
&quot; I was able to wear the costume I had planned for last year . &quot;
&quot; Everyone is having a wild time , &quot; added Rhonda .
&quot; People are happy .
It &apos;s relaxed , it &apos;s cool .
We really need this . &quot;
Halloween is a pagan festival celebrated the day before All Saints &apos; Day , principally in English @-@ speaking countries .
Gazprom &apos;s Alexei Miller says pipeline in Bulgaria starts new gas era
The start of construction of the South Stream gas pipeline in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe &apos;s largest energy projects , Gazprom &apos;s chief said .
&quot; A landmark event has taken place today : Construction started on the Bulgarian section of the South Stream gas pipeline , the most large @-@ scale and important project in Europe , &quot; Gazprom Chairman Alexei Miller said in a statement Thursday .
This project is a key element of energy security of the whole European continent .
South Stream is meant to add diversity to Russia &apos;s export routes through Europe .
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine , which hosts most of Russia &apos;s gas for Europe , adds a layer of risk to conventional routes , officials say .
Miller said the direct connection to Bulgaria , a member of the European Union , means geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are eliminated &quot; forever . &quot;
Bulgarian consumers will receive gas from South Stream at a discounted rate once the entire project starts operating in 2015 .
Gazprom said construction should begin in other downstream countries by year &apos;s end .
The pipeline is designed for an annual capacity of 2.2 trillion cubic feet of natural gas .
Pitcairn to Create World &apos;s Largest Marine Reserve
Pitcairn Island is aiming to create the largest marine reserve in the world , daily newspaper Les Nouvelles de Tahiti announced on Thursday , following up on news from Radio Australia .
The island , which lies to the east of the Gambier archipelago ( French Polynesia ) , is the last British territory in the South Pacific , halfway between New Zealand and Chile .
The territory measures 47km2 , including three other small islands nearby .
It has been British since its occupation by the Bounty mutineers , an episode in British maritime history that has been turned into three Hollywood films .
Several dozen inhabitants , the majority of them descendants of the Bounty mutineers , still live on Pitcairn , with 95 % of their income depending on the generosity of London .
The island &apos;s Council voted unanimously in favour of the creation of a marine reserve around the tiny archipelago . It will be 836,000km2 , corresponding to its exclusive economic zone .
An assistant to the mayor went to London to ask Great Britain to endorse this request .
Mike Warren , the mayor of Pitcairn , believes that the creation of such a protected zone would be the first step towards greater financial autonomy for the island .
The project will need to be ratified by the British governor of Pitcairn , who is based in New Zealand , and the British government .
Creating such a reserve would permit the United Kingdom to protect the 836,000km2 , provided it has the means to ensure it is policed - which it does not .
There is no airport on Pitcairn , making it impossible to base one or more aircrafts there to monitor the zone , and there is no port where military surveillance crafts can be placed .
France , on her part , already has to carry out the highly expensive aerial and maritime surveillance of 5 million km2 of the EEZ of French Polynesia , adjacent to Pitcairn .
The FAA is easing restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on airplanes - though chatting on cellphones will still be prohibited .
Warplanes attack a store of Russian missiles in the port city of Latakia , an official says .
It &apos;s an apparent continuation of Israel &apos;s campaign to keep arms from proliferating in the Mideast .
A federal appeals court blocks a judge &apos;s ruling that the NYPD &apos;s controversial tactic discriminates against minorities .
Nearly 100 African migrants hoping to travel to Algeria die of thirst after their two trucks break down in the middle of the Sahara .
Experts say violence that left 14 adults and seven children dead is nothing more than random chance , not a sign of growing violence in America .
Rather than being rattled by the U.S. government shutdown , investors kept their focus on what probably matters more : the Federal Reserve .
The California woman plans to challenge what may be a first @-@ of @-@ its @-@ kind citation , saying the Internet @-@ connected eyewear makes navigation easier .
Police say they have a video that appears to show Mayor Rob Ford smoking a crack pipe .
Even close allies keep things from one another - and work every angle to find out what &apos;s being held back .
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic parishes around the globe handle sensitive issues like contraception , divorce and gay couples .
Life Sentence for Former Chinese Vice @-@ Governor
A former vice @-@ governor of the province of Jilin , in the northeast of China , sentenced to life imprisonment for corruption on Friday .
Having been expelled from the Communist Party in July 2012 , Tian Xueren was accused of receiving 19 million yuan in bribes , according to media officials in China .
Between 1995 and 2001 , the vice @-@ governor , who was also president of the Bank of Jilin , a public institution , helped businesses and managers win contracts , loans and promotions in exchange for money or gifts , the Primary Intermediate Court in Beijing declared on its microblog .
President Xi Jinping , who took office last March , has made the fight against corruption a national priority , believing that the phenomenon is a threat to the very existence of the Communist Party .
The head of state has promised that justice would be just as inflexible with the powerful &quot; tigers &quot; as with the &quot; flies &quot; - the lesser officials - although just a handful of high @-@ ranking officials has been sentenced , including former executives of oil giant PetroChina .
The most recent high @-@ profile case has been that of the former head of the CCP in Chongqing , Bo Xilai , who was sentenced to life in prison in September for corruption and power abuse . Previously his sights were set on the highest offices in the state .
Nevertheless , the government has not declared any intention of reforming its anti @-@ corruption system , for example by creating a body independent of the Party .
Two YMCA employees charged with sex offences before allegations against Jonathan Lord , Royal Commission hears
Two YMCA NSW employees had been charged with child sex offences before allegations were raised against Caringbah child care worker Jonathan Lord in 2011 , the child sexual abuse Royal Commission has heard .
But in its opening statement to the Commission it said it had &quot; never dealt with an incident of child sexual assault within its organisation , &quot; the Commission was told .
Chief executive officer Phillip Hare was asked about one case where a YMCA employee was charged child pornography offences , and another when a gym instructor at the YMCA Caringbah Hall was convicted of child sexual offences against children in his care in 1991 .
Mr Hare told Gail Furness , counsel assisting the Commission , he knew about the first case but did not know about the second one .
He conceded the YMCA &apos;s opening statement to the commission was also inaccurate in claiming &quot; there have been external audits of the YMCA that have recognised the YMCA as being at the forefront of child safety . &quot;
Evidence before the commission is that YMCA was notified that it received the second lowest of four possible ratings in a Department of Education and Communities quality audit in August this year .
Mr Hare , who started with the YMCA when he was 21 , conceded management &quot; from myself down &quot; failed by recruiting Lord and failed to make sure staff were clear about their obligations to report child safe policy breaches .
Earlier this year Lord was convicted for sexual offences against 12 boys during the two years he worked at the YMCA .
He was jailed for a minimum of six years .
But Mr Hare rejected the suggestion the YMCA had a cultural problem which prevented staff from reporting Lord &apos;s breaches of child safety .
Staff gave evidence they observed breaches including Lord being alone with children , babysitting them privately , having them sit on his lap , saying he loved one and letting them play with his mobile phone .
Danielle Ockwell , who was supervised by Lord and asked for child protection training because she was concerned about his behaviour , testified she found the YMCA Caringbah children &apos;s services manager Jacqui Barnat who supervised Lord &quot; very intimidating and hard to approach a lot of the time . &quot;
The CEO said he did not accept staff &apos;s evidence that they were uncomfortable with reporting upwards to their managers .
Rather , he said , their friendships with Lord clouded their judgements about reporting him .
Mr Hare said he had provided his view to the YMCA NSW board that the lesson for the organisation from the &quot; Jonathan Lord incident &quot; was &quot; not about reporting &quot; by staff , and the board agreed with him .
Mr Hare said the decision to get staff to sign confidentiality agreements soon after the allegations emerged was made by YMCA general manager of children &apos;s services Liam Whitley .
He said it was intended to avoid contamination of evidence but was &quot; overzealous &quot; and poorly executed .
YMCA NSW was not a child safe organisation at the time Jonathan Lord was employed between 2009 and 2011 , child sex abuse expert Professor Stephen Smallbone of Griffith University told the commission .
He said there were &quot; serious problems &quot; in recruitment , screening , induction , training and supervision of staff .
The hearing adjourned until December 20 .
Tony Blair said he &apos;d seize the chance to return as Britain &apos;s prime minister - but acknowledges a comeback is unlikely .
In an interview overnight to mark the fifth anniversary of his departure from office , the 59 @-@ year @-@ old aired his views on various domestic policies .
Since he stood down in June 2007 after a decade as leader , Mr Blair has largely avoided discussing British politics , confining most of his comments to foreign affairs and his role as envoy to the Quartet of Middle East peacemakers .
Asked if he would return to the post of prime minister , Mr Blair was quoted by London &apos;s Evening Standard as saying : &quot; Yes , sure , but it &apos;s not likely to happen is it , so ... &quot;
As crowds of horse @-@ showing experts gathered in Cardiff to battle it out for Horse of the Year , they knew the competition would be tough .
But nobody was quite ready for three @-@ year @-@ old Fenton Kirkland .
Not yet in school and just months on from taking his first steps , the toddler and his pet Shetland pony Toffee trotted through the three rounds with ease to take the top prize - leaving their 30 adult opponents trailing behind .
The inseparable pair - who are the same height - were commended for appearance , behaviour and style at the annual contest run by Sunnybank Equestrian Centre , in Rudry near Cardiff .
Taking to the stage against men and women in smart bowler hats , he tipped his flat cap at a jaunty angle and paraded two @-@ year @-@ old Toffee around the ring .
Fenton was lauded by judges for natural handling skills well beyond his years .
And Toffee received top marks for his appearance and personality .
Fenton was given Toffee as a third birthday present last March and has practised with the Shetland pony every day since .
His mother Donna , 30 , said : &quot; Fenton and Toffee are a great double act . &quot;
They were up against all comers but the two of them walked off with the gold cup and rosette .
It was only the second time he had competed with Toffee and we were all ecstatic when he won .
Complete strangers in the arena all thought he was so phenomenal they wanted photos taken with him .
The youngster , from the village of Nantyglo , near Ebbw Vale , South Wales , is following in the footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howells , who has been showing horses for more than 10 years .
Mrs Howells said : &quot; The whole place was electric and everybody was cheering and clapping . &quot;
He was running on sand down the full length of the arena and even though he looked so tiny he did a marvellous job .
Fenton is animal mad - he loves horses , tractors and farms and has got two chickens which he looks after .
The way he has started he &apos;ll be at the Horse of the Year show before long - and I &apos;m sure he &apos;ll do well .
A spokesman for the annual horse show said : &quot; Fenton is only three but he knows how to handle his pony . &quot;
They are a great team together .
The judges marked Fenton and Toffee on how well they were turned out and the way they presented in the show ring .
They look for good teamwork between the pony and the handler - Fenton and Toffee were the best in the ring .
I &apos;m sure Fenton was helped by his cute clothes , he really looked the part .
China plea paper &apos; to be overhauled&apos;
A Chinese newspaper that made a front @-@ page appeal for the release of a reporter accused of defamation is to be overhauled , a press regulator says .
The Guangzhou @-@ based New Express made a rare public plea for the release of journalist Chen Yongzhou .
But Mr Chen subsequently admitted on television that he had taken bribes to fabricate stories about a part state @-@ owned company .
Now the New Express is to undergo &quot; full rectification , &quot; the regulator said .
The &quot; rectification &quot; order came from the Guangdong Administration of Press and Publication , Radio , Film and Television .
A preliminary investigation showed that Yangcheng Evening News Group &apos;s New Express had published several untrue reports about listed company Zoomlion in the period of September 2012 to August 2013 .
&quot; New Express &apos;s editorial management was disordered , &quot; the regulator said in a statement .
It said it had decided to &quot; impose an administrative penalty on Chen Yongzhou by revoking his reporter &apos;s license . &quot;
It had also &quot; instructed Yangcheng Evening News Group to undertake a complete rectification of New Express , and recommended they investigate the relevant responsible persons at New Express and immediately revise New Express &apos;s leadership team . &quot;
Mr Chen wrote several articles for the New Express alleging financial irregularities at a construction @-@ equipment company called Zoomlion .
After he was detained , his newspaper published two front @-@ page appeals for his release , saying it backed his journalism .
But Mr Chen then appeared on state television admitting he had published false stories for money .
&quot; In this case I &apos;ve caused damages to Zoomlion and also the whole news media industry and its ability to earn the public &apos;s trust , &quot; he told state broadcaster CCTV .
I did this mainly because I hankered after money and fame .
I &apos;ve realised my wrongdoing .
Following Mr Chen &apos;s apology , New Express issued a front @-@ page apology , saying it had failed to properly check his reports .
Several high @-@ profile suspects have made televised confessions recently .
Experts say confessions are still routinely coerced , despite a change in the law earlier this year banning the authorities from forcing anyone to incriminate themselves .
Charles @-@ de @-@ Gaulle Aircraft Carrier &quot; Unavailable &quot;
The aircraft carrier has been left high and dry in Toulon .
A leak of radioactive steam , detected on one of the two nuclear stokeholds on the Charles @-@ de @-@ Gaulle in mid @-@ October when the ship was at sea , &quot; posed no threat to the sailors &quot; , but is no small matter for the Navy .
&quot; La Royale &quot; - the French Navy - has just conformed that the ship will be &quot; unavailable until mid @-@ November &quot; to allow &quot; time to carry out the corrective measures required &quot; on the reactor .
Specialist naval defence company DCNS has confirmed that its teams , along with Areva &apos;s , have been dispatched to the department of Var and are &quot; currently working on aircraft carrier &quot; .
Their tasks include changing a pump on the faulty stokehold .
&quot; Everything has been put in place to enable the Charles @-@ de @-@ Gaulle to be deployed as planned at the end of 2013 , &quot; explains DCNS .
And the Navy assures that &quot; this has in no way delayed the &#91; nuclear @-@ powered &#93; ship &apos;s activity schedule &quot; .
It should be recalled that the Charles @-@ de @-@ Gaulle had just returned from a six @-@ month period of interim maintenance .
It had cast off from Toulon in mid @-@ October for a training exercise ,
principally for the qualification of new fighter pilots .
A &quot; small amount of damage &quot; , confined to the area of the reactor chamber , then occurred on the French fleet &apos;s flagship .
According to the Navy , the crew was not exposed to any radioactive contamination .
For more than a year , I have been noticing the strong dissatisfaction of people I meet everywhere : the horrendous revaluation of their properties , a deluge of taxes , the costs of all sorts of permits , endless administrative fees , etc .
In short , the limitless siphoning of money from our pockets .
Millions of squandered dollars could be saved by introducing a tax system that is much more respectful of the taxpayers .
Money forcibly raised from taxpayers reduces their disposable income and contributes to their impoverishment .
In Shawinigan , despite the closure of every major business , there is no embarrassment about the extravagant expenditure and the maintenance of white elephants , such as the unprofitable cultural centre , the huge subsidies for the Cité de l &apos;Énergie , etc .
These facilities are not profitable , so they should be sold to private businesses or demolished .
It is also distressing to note the compulsory purchase of numerous properties to make way for a major industrial complex which never arrived .
However , I do make honourable mention of the transformation of the former Wabasso into a sort of industrial incubator , but at what cost to the taxpayers ?
It is not up to the public purse to invest in such projects , but to the private sector based on consumer demand .
The townsfolk have been pleased to learn that Lac à la Pêche and Lac des Piles will continue to supply the town with potable water .
Following the departure of all the industries ( major consumers of water ) and the big decline in the population , the use of water throughout the district has considerably reduced .
While this does not call for wastage , the town will never be short of water , and the severe regulation of its use may be toned down significantly .
In a nutshell , it is easy to do great things with other people &apos;s money .
I would be ashamed to defend such a balance sheet .
With a gross debt of over $ 200 million , this town is no longer even capable of buying a pen without passing a loan bye @-@ law .
For over 40 years we have been run largely by suits with marvellous qualifications . I do not believe that a sheep farmer would do any worse .
US @-@ Mexico drug tunnel with its own railway found
One of the most sophisticated drug smuggling tunnels between the USA and Mexico has been found , complete with its own lighting , ventilation and electric rail systems .
US authorities described the four foot by three foot tunnel as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they have ever discovered .
The tunnel , which zigzags the length of nearly six football pitches , links warehouses near Tijuana , Mexico and San Diego , USA .
The area is filled with nondescript warehouses , making it easier to conceal trucks being loaded with drugs .
The tunnel was shut down before any drugs made it through undetected , authorities said .
Authorities seized eight @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half tons of marijuana and 327 pounds of cocaine in connection with the tunnel &apos;s discovery , according to court records .
Three men who authorities say worked as drivers were charged with possession of marijuana and cocaine with intent to distribute .
They face prison sentences between 10 years and life imprisonment if convicted .
In Nogales , Arizona , smugglers tap into vast underground drainage canals .
The tunnel is the eighth major passage discovered in San Diego since 2006 .
Some of the largest tunnels have been discovered after central Mexico &apos;s marijuana harvest in October , which presents drug cartels with a challenge of how to quickly get their product to consumers .
In 2010 , authorities found a roughly 700 @-@ yard passage equipped with rail tracks that extended from the kitchen of a Tijuana home to two San Diego warehouses .
British police serve Assange with extradition notice
Btitish police served an extradition notice today on WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who has taken refuge in Ecuador &apos;s embassy in London and requested asylum .
Scotland Yard said they had served a &quot; surrender notice &quot; on the 40 @-@ year @-@ old Australian requiring him to appear at a police station , adding that failure to do so would make him further liable to arrest .
Assange faces extradition to Sweden over sex crime allegations , having exhausted his options under British law when the Supreme Court overturned his appeal against extradition earlier this month .
Fearing Stockholm would pass him on to the US , he sought refuge at Ecuador &apos;s embassy in London on June 19 , asking the South American country for political asylum .
Scotland Yard has &quot; served a surrender notice upon a 40 @-@ year @-@ old man that requires him to attend a police station at date and time of our choosing , &quot; a spokesman said .
He remains in breach of his bail conditions .
The embassy declined to comment on the serving of the police notice .
Assange fears he will be extradited from Sweden to the United States to face possible espionage charges , after releasing more than 250,000 US diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks anti @-@ secrecy website .
How Biometrics Will Invade Our Lives
Is it the end of passwords to access a smartphone or pay for purchases ?
US , French and Japanese researchers are predicting a future where we will be recognised by biometric sensors on telephones and computers .
Bernard Didier , vice @-@ president of Morpho , believes this will be the &quot; century of biometrics &quot; .
Biometrics will be the only way of guaranteeing the identity of an individual carrying out transactions in a world as transverse and transnational as the Internet .
Organisations devoted to privacy protection note this fascination for biometrics , but are concerned .
In France alone in 2011 , the National Commission for Information Technology and Civil Liberties authorised 774 imprint recognition systems , for recognising fingerprints , the shape of the hand or networks of veins in the hand , for businesses , institutions , cafeterias , etc .
&quot; Everyone will soon be identifiable , anywhere and any time , &quot; says a concerned Justin Brookman , consumer privacy director for the CDT ( Center for Democracy and Technology ) in Washington .
But why such optimism for some and pessimism for others ?
Biometrics will rely on new technologies that will enable new services to be provided to citizens and consumers .
In France today , the most commonly used biometric data are fingerprints , hand geometry and the network of veins in the palm or fingers .
But each of these techniques has its limitations .
&quot; For example , people who work with cement have damage to their fingers that renders their fingerprints unreadable , &quot; notes Philippe Robin , technical director for identification at Thales Communications &amp; Security .
Furthermore , the detection and verification of a network of veins or of hand geometry require a voluntary and specific gesture on the part of individuals .
It is both a security mechanism - this data cannot be captured without people knowing - and an inconvenience - the procedure sometimes has to be repeated and so takes time .
As a consequence , research has been conducted over the past twenty years into other methods , such as face or iris recognition ( the coloured part of the eye ) .
Thanks to the improved precision of the sensors and the calculating capacity of the computers used to analyse this data , these techniques are becoming practical .
The accuracy of face recognition has improved tenfold over the past five years , considers Cyrille Bataller , R &amp; D laboratory director at Accenture in Europe .
With our help , the United Kingdom and the Netherlands have deployed automated passport gates that use face recognition .
It is now possible to identify a moving face or iris .
&quot; Today we are carrying out research into voice and gait recognition using sonic sensors , but it requires a silent environment , &quot; says Sridhar Lyengar , director of security research at Intel Labs .
DNA , a unique and unfalsifiable marker , also arouses hope and concern .
&quot; With the current state of knowledge , it could be considered the ultimate in biometric data , &quot; confirms Sophie Vulliet @-@ Tavernier , director of research , innovation and forecasting at the CNIL .
But DNA analysis still takes a long time and is expensive .
NEC is offering the judicial police a portable pack costing 90,000 euros that can analyse DNA samples on a crime scene within an hour .
The uses of biometrics fall into two groups : identification ( recognition of one person amongst others ) and authentication ( confirmation that a person is who they say they are ) .
Until now , identification has consisted of the provision of identity papers : biometric systems ( fingerprints , photos , iris , etc . ) will have to be given access to information that the state holds on every citizen already on file .
This will provide assurance that someone is not trying to usurp the identity of another .
This principle of comparison can be used for other purposes .
NEC is therefore proposing VIP recognition at the entrance of a hotel or store .
&quot; We are gathering images from surveillance cameras and comparing them with photos of celebrities that are freely available on the Internet , &quot; explains Dany Nassif , business development director for biometric identification solutions at NEC France .
Another use is to take a photo of someone queuing in a shop , follow his progress using face recognition and work out the waiting time .
Authentication initially concerned physical ( at borders , in protected locations , in a cafeteria etc . ) or digital presence ( logging on to a computer ) .
Added to this , more recently , are presence checks .
&quot; A biometric timekeeper prevents the situation where one colleague clocks in on behalf of another , &quot; asserts Cyrille Bataller from Accenture .
But , more and more , authentication will also involve transactions , in particular those carried out using devices connected to the Internet .
In Japan , it is already possible to withdraw money from some cash machines by inserting your card and placing your hand on a biometric reader : this gesture replaces the use of a PIN .
A similar technique is being tested at Villeneuve @-@ d &apos;Ascq and in Angoulême by the company Natural Security , in partnership with banks and major retailers : at the point of paying with a card in a shop , the customer does not enter a code - they place a finger in a reader , which scans the veins .
The experiment is expected to last six months .
If it is conclusive , biometric readers could soon be seen in shops in France .
Ways to reassure users
There are three ways to make biometrics appealing to the general public .
The first is to explain how it can save time .
&quot; If a customer spends thirty seconds less at a till thanks to biometrics , it would be nice , &quot; says the manager of a major store .
The second is to offer personalised services : in a few years a voice server will be able to recognise your voice and offer you customised options .
Finally , the public can be reassured by highlighting the measures implemented to protect databases .
&quot; Digital fingerprints are stored in a primary server ; the identities of individuals are in a second database . The correlation between the two sets of information is encrypted and stored in a highly secure box , which locks up if anyone tries to move it , &quot; specifies Philippe Robin from Thales .
However , given the lack of in @-@ depth studies , it is impossible to know if this line will really convince users .
Privacy protection specialists continue to be concerned .
&quot; The advances in face recognition , the increase in the number of surveillance cameras and the huge number of photos available on Facebook , Flickr or Picasa make me fear the worst : widespread surveillance , &quot; predicts Andrew Patrick from the Office of the Privacy Commissioner in Canada .
Driver speeding at 130mph with hot drink between legs fined £ 1,000
A motorist has been fined £ 1,000 for driving at up to 130mph ( 210km / h ) with a hot drink balanced between his legs .
Andrew Howie , 35 , of Tiptree , Essex , was spotted driving his Mercedes Benz on the A120 at Braintree on 27 May .
When police stopped him they discovered the takeaway drink between his legs .
At Colchester Magistrates &apos; Court Howie admitted a charge of driving without due care and attention .
Seven points added to his licence resulted in him receiving a six @-@ month driving ban .
Howie was also ordered to pay costs of £ 90 and a victim surcharge of £ 100 .
Tax on foreign property owners to burst London &apos;s bubble
The Treasury have provisionally costed out the CGT measure but are awaiting a final decision from Mr Osborne , who , in the 2012 Budget , introduced a 7 % rate of stamp duty for homes costing more than £ 2m and annual charges for buyers who choose to hold homes in a company rather than as individuals .
Already the stamp duty take for residential property in the boroughs of Westminster and Kensington &amp; Chelsea , which stood at £ 708 million in the 2012 / 13 tax year , exceeds the combined total for Northern Ireland , Wales , Scotland , the North East , North West and Yorkshire and the Humber put together .
Mr Cook said : &quot; Following increases in stamp duty of high value homes and the introduction of associated anti @-@ avoidance legislation , it is very difficult to argue that high value property is under @-@ taxed irrespective of the effect of the out @-@ dated council tax system . &quot;
&quot; But this move could make some foreign investors reticent to buy property in London or current owners reluctant to sell , &quot; he added .
Prime property - the top 5 % to 10 % of the housing market by price - in the affluent south @-@ west London belt , which stretches from Fulham to Wimbledon , has increased by a record 11.8 % over the past year .
Prices in central London continued to show steady year @-@ on @-@ year growth of 5.6 % but were overshadowed by a burgeoning &quot; domestic market &quot; with the city &apos;s south west , north ( 7.4 % ) and east ( 6.5 % ) all experiencing an uptick , according to research from Savills .
Scientists have shed more light on how the movements of a dog &apos;s tail are linked to its mood .
Earlier research had revealed that happy dogs wag their tails more to the right ( from the dog &apos;s point of view ) , while nervous dogs have a left @-@ dominated swish .
But now scientists say that fellow canines can spot and respond to these subtle tail differences .
Prof Georgio Vallortigara , a neuroscientist from the University of Trento , said : &quot; It is very well known in humans that the left and right side of the brain are differently involved in stimuli that invokes positive or negative emotions . &quot;
Here we attempted to look at it in other species .
He added that just as in humans , for dogs the right side of the brain was responsible for left @-@ handed movement and vice versa , and the two hemispheres played different roles in emotions .
To find out more about how dogs react to the lop @-@ sided tail wags of other dogs , the researchers monitored the animals as they watched films of other dogs .
They measured the pets &apos; heart rates and analysed their behaviour .
It will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other
Prof Vallortigara said : &quot; We presented dogs with movies of dogs - either a naturalistic version or a silhouette to get rid of any other confounding issues , and we could doctor the movement of the tail and present the tail more to the left or right . &quot;
When the animals saw an otherwise expressionless dog move its tail to the right ( from the tail @-@ wagging dog &apos;s point of view ) , they stayed perfectly relaxed .
But when they spotted a tail veer predominantly to the left ( again from the tail @-@ swishing dog &apos;s point of view ) , their heart rates picked up and they looked anxious .
Prof Vallortigara said he didn &apos;t think that the dogs were intentionally communicating with each other through these movements .
Instead , he believes that they dogs have learned from experience what moves they should and shouldn &apos;t feel worried about .
He said : &quot; If you have several meetings with other dogs , and frequently their tail wagging one way is associated with a more friendly behaviour , and the right side is producing a less friendly behaviour , you respond on the basis of that experience . &quot;
The researchers say the findings could give owners , vets and trainers a better insight into their animal &apos;s emotions .
Dog behaviour expert John Bradshaw , a visiting fellow at the University of Bristol &apos;s school of veterinary science , said this was not the first study to examine whether left and right were important to canines .
Last year a team from the University of Lincoln found that dogs turn their heads to the left when looking at an aggressive dog and to the right when looking at a happy dog .
And in another research paper from the University of Victoria in Canada , he said : &quot; Dogs were more likely to approach a robot dog when its &apos; tail &apos; was made to wag left rather than right , rather than becoming anxious - the opposite way around to the Italian study . &quot;
He said the differences could be because the dogs in the different studies were not fully interpreting the animals in the films or robo @-@ dogs as canines .
A study of how dogs responded to real dogs could help , he explained .
&quot; While there is considerable evidence from many different mammals that the two sides of the brain are used for different purposes , much of the detail still has to be hammered out - and dogs are no exception , &quot; he said .
However , given the ease with which their behaviour can be recorded , it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other .
Arctic Monkeys postpone Glasgow gig due to Alex Turner &apos;s illness
Rock band the Arctic Monkeys have postponed a gig in Glasgow after their lead singer was diagnosed with laryngitis .
The Sheffield group were scheduled to perform at the Hydro venue in the city on Friday .
However , lead singer Alex Turner &apos;s illness has forced them to reschedule the show .
The band &apos;s announcement came after they were forced to similarly postpone a gig at the LG Arena in Birmingham on Thursday .
In a statement on their official website , the Arctic Monkeys said : &quot; Following the decision to postpone the show at the Birmingham LG Arena tonight and after seeking medical advice , Arctic Monkeys must also postpone the show at the Glasgow Hydro on Friday , November 1 . &quot;
&quot; Alex Turner has been diagnosed with laryngitis and is regrettably not able to perform . &quot;
The show at the LG Arena in Birmingham will now take place on November 20 and the show at the Glasgow Hydro will now take place on November 21 .
All tickets remain valid for these shows .
We wish to apologise to all ticket holders for any inconvenience this has caused .
Please contact the customer services at the box office you purchased your tickets from for any further assistance .
Pope Francis to name first cardinals in February
Pope Francis will create new cardinals of the Catholic Church for his first time on February 22 , the Vatican announced Thursday .
Cardinals are the highest @-@ ranking clergy in the Catholic Church below the pope , and they &apos;re the ones who elect popes , so Francis will be appointing his first group of men who will ultimately help choose his successor .
There are now 201 cardinals .
However , once a cardinal reaches 80 he is no longer permitted to participate in the election of a pope -- this falls to a group of 120 &quot; cardinal electors . &quot;
In a statement announcing the news , Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held before the ceremony to elevate the new cardinals , known as a consistory .
&quot; Pope Francis has decided to communicate his decision to convoke February &apos;s consistory in advance in order to facilitate the planning of other meetings involving the participation of cardinals from different parts of the world , &quot; Lombardi said .
Jack Valero of Catholic Voices said that by February , the number of cardinal electors was likely to have dropped .
He said usually a pope would name as many cardinals as was needed to raise the number of cardinal electors back to 120 and as many cardinals aged over 80 as he wanted .
Next year &apos;s consistory would be significant because it would be the first since Francis was elected in March this year , Valero said .
At the moment there is a sort of bias towards Europe and especially towards Italy .
&quot; It will be interesting to see whether the new Pope will nominate cardinals from the rest of the world to restore the balance , &quot; he said .
Forty percent of Roman Catholics are in South America , but they have a tiny number of cardinals .
The cardinals will also be the first to be chosen since Francis formed the Council of Cardinals , a group of eight cardinals from around the world tasked with looking into ways to reform the church .
In the past the Pope decided everything on his own .
&quot; Now Francis has selected these eight cardinals to help him , &quot; Valero said .
He said it was &quot; quite possible &quot; that Francis would ask the cardinals for advice .
But we &apos;ve not been in that situation before -- it &apos;s all completely new .
Valero said popes typically elevated bishops from large places to the position of cardinal but that Francis was &quot; full of surprises -- so we don &apos;t know who he &apos;ll name . &quot;
GM recalls some new pickup trucks in U.S. to fix seatbacks
General Motors Co is recalling nearly 19,000 of its all @-@ new 2014 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickup trucks to repair a problem with the manual reclining seatback , according to a notice from U.S. auto safety regulators on Friday .
On some of the trucks , the front seats may have a defect in the reclining mechanism .
As a result , the seatbacks fail to comply with federal auto safety standards on head restraints .
&quot; If the vehicle is struck from behind , the head restraint may not properly protect occupants , increasing the risk of injury , &quot; according to the notice posted on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration website .
The recalled models were built between August 1 and September 10 .
GM &apos;s truck roll @-@ out began in June and represents the most important vehicle launch for the No. 1 U.S. automaker since its 2009 bankruptcy restructuring .
GM told truck owners about the defect in the first half of October .
NHTSA could not review the owner notification letter due to the 16 @-@ day government shutdown , which tempered auto sales growth in October .
Sales of the Silverado and Sierra trucks , which were redesigned for the 2014 model year , were up about 20 percent during the first 10 months of the year , GM said on Friday .
In October , GM sold 42,660 Silverado and 16,503 Sierra pickup trucks .
GM shares were up 1.4 percent at $ 37.47 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon .
Worker Dies Buried Under Concrete Blocks
A construction worker died after being buried under dozens of concrete blocks in Montreal on Thursday afternoon .
The tragedy occurred at around 11am on Rue Marquette , near the junction with Rue Beaubien , in the district of Rosemont @-@ La Petite @-@ Patrie .
By all accounts , foundation work had been going on at the site for some time .
A shared foundation wall had just been erected in the past few days .
The accident occurred just after the victim had arrived on site to collect his tools .
&quot; I was going past in my car when I saw the wall collapse , creating a huge cloud of dust , &quot; said Sylvain Jean , who lives near the site .
&quot; I got out and went to remove the large blocks that were covering him .
Only part of his back was visible , it &apos;s really sad . &quot;
According to the authorities , the victim is a man in his fifties , who worked for a formwork company .
Attempts at resuscitation were made by the emergency services , but without success .
The man succumbed to his serious injuries .
An inspector from the Occupational Health and Safety Commission was dispatched to the site to investigate the circumstances surrounding the tragedy .
An Obama voter &apos;s cry of despair
I voted for President Obama twice , sharing hope in possibility of change
He says Obama has had worthy efforts thwarted by GOP obstructionism
Obstructionism can &apos;t excuse Obamacare website woes , drone attacks
Obama &apos;s 2008 campaign memoir is a sad reminder of what might have been
Nathaniel P. Morris is a second @-@ year student at Harvard Medical School .
I &apos;m reading a terribly sad book these days .
It &apos;s a book that I thought would uplift me during the doldrums of second @-@ year medical school , and renew in me a sense of hope .
It &apos;s called &quot; The Audacity to Win , &quot; and it &apos;s a memoir of Barack Obama &apos;s 2008 presidential campaign .
When I &apos;m finished with my patient write @-@ ups at night and get into bed , the book returns me to a time when politics inspired millions and speeches could take your breath away .
The election turned out to be a landslide , and news anchors paused to reflect on the historic nature of the hour .
My classmates cried with joy , and my parents saved every newspaper they could find .
A young team of visionaries was headed for the White House , and the nation was ready for change .
During Obama &apos;s transition to office in 2008 , he had an 82 % approval rating .
And then I close the book .
Cutting to the present is a rude awakening , like snapping out of a dream .
It &apos;s hard to remember those days of optimism -- they seem a distant memory , a sad reminder of opportunities gone by .
Change indeed happened , in the years since I cast my first ballot .
It was simply nothing I could have imagined .
I credit Obama with great and varied accomplishments , from the passage of the Affordable Care Act to our military exit from Iraq , the end of &quot; don &apos;t ask don &apos;t tell , &quot; to the killing of Osama bin Laden .
Moreover , I believe that partisan obstructionism has upended too many efforts to push our nation forward : immigration reform , a public option for health care , and closing the base at Guantanamo Bay , among others .
But , after the countless times in which I have found myself defending the Obama administration to colleagues and peers , I &apos;ve reached a limit to the explanations that I can provide .
I &apos;ve reached a point of political despair .
Republican obstructionism cannot explain allowing the bugging of foreign leaders , nor having drones strike innocent children overseas .
It cannot explain having the National Security Agency collect data on the private lives of Americans , nor prosecuting whistle @-@ blowers who reveal government wrongdoing .
It cannot account for assassinating Anwar al @-@ Awlaki , an American citizen , without a trial , nor shirking public funding and spending limits during presidential campaigns .
It cannot justify the findings of a report that says the White House &apos;s efforts to silence the media are the &quot; most aggressive ... since the Nixon Administration . &quot;
And , most recently , it cannot excuse the failure to design a simple website more than three years since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law .
I don &apos;t know if this is what I should have expected .
If , at 18 years old , I was supposed to figure out that governance may contradict the political campaigns that precede it .
Obviously , elective office isn &apos;t a predictable course , as the opposing political party and random events , such as the Newtown massacre , will shape our public conversation .
Yet , of all of the examples that I have listed above , they largely seem to be of the administration &apos;s own choosing .
That is what troubles me most of all .
I voted for Obama again in 2012 , but not because I was excited by his candidacy .
Mitt Romney presented a confusing and unrefined alternative who could not seem to lock down his policies or his positions .
I felt that a second term for Obama , free from the pressures of future elections , would fulfill the hope that we had heard of for so long .
Still , as Obama &apos;s approval rating sank below 45 % this week , returning to 2008 through that book has become that much harder .
It makes me yearn for the many promises that disappeared .
This week I was reading the portion of the book describing how Obama suffered a huge loss to Clinton in the Pennsylvania primary .
At a post @-@ mortem campaign meeting , he told his staff that they needed to get back on track and stay true to the purpose of their cause .
&quot; I want us to get our mojo back , &quot; he said .
We &apos;ve got to remember who we are . &apos; 
It &apos;s five years later , Mr. President , and I couldn &apos;t agree with you more .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nathaniel Morris .
A serious accident occurred between a motorbike and a car on Rue Retinne in Fleron at around 3 pm on Friday .
The motorcyclist , Jonathan , aged 26 , from Fléron , was not wearing a helmet .
Despite the quick intervention of the emergency services , he died as a result of the head @-@ on collision .
Clive Palmer claims PM Tony Abbott has conflict of interest over parental leave scheme
Billionaire MP Clive Palmer says Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over his parental leave scheme because his daughters might get pregnant and benefit from it .
The mining magnate , who is in a dispute about paying a $ 6 million carbon tax bill , made the claim as he tried to brush off questions about whether he had a conflict .
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate that may be crucial in deciding if the carbon and mining taxes are axed .
But Mr Palmer claimed it was only ministers who could have a conflict of interest and said Mr Abbott &apos;s daughters stood to personally benefit from policies .
&quot; He &apos;s got a major conflict of interest when it comes to paid parental leave because if any of those daughters get pregnant , he &apos;ll have a direct interest whether they get leave or not , &quot; Mr Palmer said .
Two months after the election , the electoral commission officially declared Mr Palmer the winner of the Sunshine Coast seat of Fairfax by 53 votes , after a recount .
Mr Palmer called for overhaul of election counting to speed up the process .
Tony Abbott &apos;s daughters Frances and Bridget .
Should this election be decided two months after we stopped voting ?
&quot; We need to have a better system , &quot; he said .
Why is it that we shouldn &apos;t have a system where you can walk in , punch your details into a computer , vote immediately and have a result at 6.30 that night ?
Mr Palmer also criticised the use of pencils to mark ballots .
Is it because they can rub out the result if someone doesn &apos;t like it ?
In this day and age having a pencil seems extraordinary .
The Electoral Commission has been studying options for electronic voting and recently released a joint discussion paper with New Zealand .
Mr Palmer , 59 , said his policies included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and he would take &quot; very seriously &quot; his new job .
Public office is about public service .
&quot; We seek no reward , except the reward of history that we can at a critical time serve this community , &quot; he said .
A team of biologists working for the Wildlife Conservation Society of New York has identified a new humpback dolphin species living off the northern coast of Australia .
Thibaut Bouveroux , in charge of the scientific mission at the Observatoire pour la Conservation et l &apos;Etude des Animaux et Milieux Marins ( OCEAMM ) , discussed this discovery with L &apos;Express and explains the long process of identifying new species .
Did the discovery of this new humpback dolphin species surprise you ?
It &apos;s good news , but it didn &apos;t surprise me especially .
In the past , species have been described and identified on the basis of morphology , anatomy and geography . Today , the development of new tools such as genetics enables us to improve our knowledge of the science of the classification of species .
Moreover , there is a possibility that these advances in genetics and molecular biology may call into question the classification or belonging of a species to a particular genus , family or even order .
In the early 19th century , morphologists classified animals on the basis of the morphological differences between species .
Today , some of these classifications have been questioned as a result of advances in genetics .
Likewise , two species that are very similar in morphology were distinguished using genetics .
This is the case with the new species that has just been identified .
About a decade ago , scientists recognised two species that belonged to this sub @-@ family : Pacific humpback dolphins and Atlantic humpback whales .
Recent analyses have enabled four species to be distinguished .
Why is this a significant discovery as the Wildlife Conservation Society says ?
From the point of view of conservation , it is essential to be aware of genetic differences so a species and , thus , its genetic variability can be protected .
Researchers have known about this population for a long time , but they did not know that it was part of a new species that only lives in this location .
Hence , in the event of large @-@ scale mortality in the region , caused by a viral epidemic or accidental capture , we would know that we are dealing with the extinction of a species rather than the local disappearance of a population belonging to a much more widespread species .
Such loss of genetic heritage would be much more problematic .
A species is considered to be threatened or endangered based on the number of its members alive on the planet , known as the stock , and of the possibility of the species restoring itself using neighbouring stocks .
The stock of the Sousa Chinensis species , from which the newly discovered population derives , has automatically grown weaker , making it more vulnerable .
Why is it rare to discover new marine mammal species ?
Marine mammals are located at the top of the food chain .
They live in homogeneous , open habitats , in which there are numerous genetic exchanges between populations and individuals .
This blending of genes limits the creation of new species .
On the other hand , more enclosed ecosystems favour genetic isolation , which can ultimately lead to the creation of new species .
It should be noted that the marine environment is the least known of environments .
We prefer sending robots to Mars rather than knowing what is living in the Mariana Trench , just 11 kilometres below the surface of the ocean .
More money is spent on the search for life on other planets than on marine research , and it is high time things changed .
RBS suspends two forex traders
Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended two traders in its foreign exchange division according to two people familiar with the situation , in another sign that the global probe by regulators into the suspected manipulation of the currency market is rapidly gaining traction .
Some of the world &apos;s largest banks , including UBS , Barclays , Deutsche Bank and RBS , have confirmed they are co @-@ operating with regulators in investigations into the world &apos;s largest financial market , where $ 5.3tn changes hands each day .
The two traders would be the first RBS employees to be suspended in the widening probe that echoes the Libor interbank lending manipulation scandal .
The bank , which declined to comment on the suspensions , confirmed this month that it has received requests for information from regulators .
&quot; Our ongoing inquiry into this matter continues and we are co @-@ operating fully with the FCA and our other regulators , &quot; the bank said two weeks ago .
Last month , people close to the situation said that RBS had turned over records of emails and instant messages to the UK regulator , the Financial Conduct Authority , sent to and from a former trader .
This trader , Richard Usher , left RBS in 2010 and is understand to have be given leave from his current position as European head of forex spot trading at JPMorgan .
Rohan Ramchandani , head of European spot trading at Citi , went on leave this week , while Matt Gardiner , a former senior currencies trader at Barclays and UBS , was suspended by Standard Chartered this week .
None of these traders have been accused of any wrongdoing .
Mr Usher &apos;s instant message group included bankers at Barclays and Citigroup , people close to the situation said .
UBS said this week it had taken action against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator , Finma , said it was investigating suspected manipulation of the foreign exchange market at a number of Swiss banks .
At least six authorities globally - the European Commission , Finma , Switzerland &apos;s competition authority Weko , the FCA , the Department of Justice in the US and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority - are looking at allegations that bankers colluded to move the currencies market .
HSBC , Citigroup , JPMorgan and Credit Suisse have also launched internal probes or received requests for information from regulators , said people familiar with the situation .
Banks are scouring through years &quot; worth of instant messages and emails to search for instances of wrongdoing .
News about the probes has rattled traders in an area that has been one of the bigger profit drivers of investment banks &apos; trading units in past years but which has been challenged this year as low volatility in currencies cuts opportunities for speculators .
Some bankers have tried to play down the affair by saying the vast and highly liquid foreign exchange market is almost impossible to manipulate , but senior traders are saying this is not necessarily true .
A senior trader said that despite the huge volume of daily foreign exchange trading , the fragmentation of liquidity between different trading platforms and banks &quot; increasing use of their own internal platforms meant that &quot; you can start to get an impact on the market at quite small ticket prices . &quot;
The news came on the same day as Credit Suisse announced it had dismissed a trader at its London exchange traded funds desk this week after he had caused a nearly $ 6m loss late last year .
The bank promptly notified the relevant authorities and has been co @-@ operating with its regulators .
&quot; We are confident the trader acted alone and that the matter has been contained , &quot; Credit Suisse said .
Investigation on Mayor Rob Ford Botched , Lawyer Maintains
After the police confirmed that they laid hands on a copy of a video allegedly showing Rob Ford smoking crack , Barrister Clayton Ruby maintained that he has never seen an investigation &quot; so botched &quot; .
The barrister said to the Canadian Press that he believes the police had &quot; ignored or downplayed &quot; evidence against the mayor .
This Thursday , police arrested Rob Ford &apos;s friend and occasional chauffeur , Alexander Lisi , aged 35 , and charged him with extortion in relation with the video .
Lisi , who has previously been accused of drug trafficking , was frequently in contact with the mayor .
The police said they have also observed him delivering parcels to Rob Ford , according to new court documents .
Ruby says it is &quot; inexplicable &quot; that the police have never searched Rob Ford &apos;s vehicle or home , or tapped his telephone , saying that chief of police Bill Blair knowingly decided not to act against the mayor .
In accordance with the law , the police , having themselves witnessed suspicious transactions , could have intercepted Ford &apos;s vehicle , arrested the mayor and carried out a search - even without a warrant .
They could also have requested an immediate search warrant , if this was considered necessary .
The chief of police has not commented . However , his spokesman , Mark Pugash , has described Ruby &apos;s statements as &quot; an obvious and desperate attempt &quot; to sell himself to the media in a matter that does not concern him at all .
In a press conference on Thursday , Mr Blair stated that there was nothing in this video that might constitute a &quot; reasonable motive &quot; that could lead to criminal charges being brought against the mayor .
European Markets , Except London , Fall in Mid @-@ session
The major European stock markets , except London , are on a down trend in mid @-@ session this Friday . They are being dragged down by disappointing news from businesses , while Wall Street is expected to experience a rise .
Also , investors are still treading with caution , as they believe that the American Federal Reserve might end its quantitative easing policy earlier than expected .
On the other hand , following the announcement of a 0.7 % inflation throughout the eurozone , the idea that the European Central Bank ( ECB ) might relax its monetary policy has been spreading amongst actors in the market .
Futures on Wall Street are suggesting that opening price of US shares will rise , following two consecutive sessions marked by a downward trend .
On the securities market , Renault ( -4.63 % ) recorded the greatest drop with the CAC 40 , weighed down by the profit warning issued by its partner , Nissan Motor , on Friday .
The Royal Bank of Scotland ( -6.26 % ) recorded the worst performance in the EuroFirst300 , after also reporting a decline in earnings this morning and announcing the creation of an internal bad bank structure covering £ 38 000 million of its highest risk assets .
On its part , Vodafone ( + 2.45 % ) is still leading the upward trend in the EuroFirst300 in response to a press release indicating that AT &amp; T was looking at a possible takeover bid .
On the exchange market , speculation regarding a change in the ECB &apos;s monetary policy are rife , as testified by John Hardy , a strategist at Saxo Bank .
The ECB &apos;s sole mandate has always revolved around inflation , therefore Mario Draghi and his team have all the more reason to take action at their meeting next week .
We are forecasting a highly likely drop in the Euro .
In this context , the Euro continues to drop as compared to the US dollar and , during the session , reached a record two @-@ week low at $ 1.3517 .
Conversely , these very speculations are boosting the bond market in the eurozone .
Supreme Court upholds Obama health care law
In a major victory for the Obama administration , the US Supreme Court today ruled Barack Obama &apos;s signature health care law is constitutional .
By a 5 @-@ 4 vote , the justices ruled the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act &apos;s individual mandate - which requires citizens to buy health insurance by 2014 or else pay a penalty - was constitutional under the taxing power of the government .
Chief Justice John Roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the court while Justices Scalia , Thomas , Alito and Kennedy dissented .
The court also upheld the remaining sections of the 2700 page law , and further held that the health care law &apos;s requirement that states increase Medicaid eligibility or else lose all federal Medicaid funding is not unconstitutionally coercive .
The suit to block the law was brought by 26 states and the National Federation of Independent Business .
The law was vigorously opposed by each of the major Republican presidential candidates during the 2012 primary season , including presumptive nominee Mitt Romney .
Moving Tribute to War Veterans in Menton
In the heart of the Trabuquet cemetery , civilian , religious and military officials , plus numerous patriotic organisations , paid tribute to all soldiers and victims of every war on Friday afternoon .
Flowers were laid on two of the three military burial plots in the cemetery by Mayor Jean @-@ Claude Guibal and various other personalities .
Palestinians and Israelis Clash on Gaza border
Four Hamas fighters were killed and five Israeli soldiers injured on the evening of 31 October 2013 during a violent clash on the border between Gaza and Israel , the most serious incident in the Palestinian territory for a year .
The only power plant in the Gaza Strip stopped working on Friday 1 November , following exhaustion of its fuel reserve , the Energy Authority for the Palestinian enclave announced .
A local commander of the Ezzedine al @-@ Qassam Brigades , Khaled Abou Bakr , and another officer of the armed wing of Hamas , Rabieh Barikeh , were killed by a tank shell during an incursion by the Israeli army east of Khan Younes , in the south of the Gaza Strip , according to local medical sources .
Two other local officers of the Al @-@ Qassam Brigades , Mohammed al @-@ Qassas and Mohammed Daoud , were killed when an Israeli helicopter opened fire in the same area .
Their bodies were discovered later .
According to Palestinian security sources , the four fighters were conducting a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian enclave and Israel .
Attack on tunnel dug by Palestinians
According to the same sources and witnesses , an Israeli tank and an armoured bulldozer made an incursion a hundred metres or so into the territory before retreating .
The confrontation lasted half an hour , according to witnesses .
In a statement , a Hamas spokesperson , Sami Abou Zouhri , paid tribute to the four &quot; heroes &quot; and stated that Israeli soldiers had died in the confrontation .
Hamas praised the &quot; Al @-@ Qassam heroes who died defending the territory against an incursion at Khan Younes by the Zionist occupier .
Many enemies were killed or injured during the operation .
Hamas guarantees that Gaza will be hell for the occupier , &quot; the spokesperson threatened .
The Israeli army , on the other hand , stated that the target of its operation was initially a section of a wide tunnel dug into Israeli territory from the Palestinian enclave , which was discovered on 7 October and , according to the army , was intended for &quot; terrorist activities &quot; .
Hamas has defended its use of tunnels in the fight against Israel , stating that the aim was to capture Israeli soldiers so they could be exchanged for Palestinian prisoners .
The operation was intended to prevent future terrorist attacks using this tunnel , explained an Israeli military statement .
During the operation , Hamas triggered an explosive device targeting the &quot; Tsahal forces &quot; ( the Israeli army ) and injured five soldiers .
Israeli attack in northern Syria
&quot; This mission was essential because of the risk of the terrorist tunnel being used for attacks against Israeli civilians , &quot; said army spokesperson , Peter Lerner .
Furthermore , Israel attacked a military airbase in the northwest of Syria , targeting a shipment of missiles destined for the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah , satellite channel Al @-@ Arabiya reported on Thursday 31 October .
A US official confirmed that there had been an &quot; Israeli strike &quot; , but did not give details of the target .
&quot; In the past , the targets have been missiles being transferred to Hezbollah , &quot; he merely added .
Israeli government officials refused to confirm any information relating to the attack .
Citing &quot; exclusive sources &quot; that it did not name , the Saudi @-@ owned channel stated that &quot; the bombing targeted a shipment of ground @-@ to @-@ air missiles intended for Hezbollah in Lebanon , &quot; referring to the powerful Lebanese Shiite movement that is fighting the rebels alongside the Syrian forces .
Earlier , a Syrian NGO , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , reported several explosions being heard at dawn on Wednesday in a defence airbase at Sonar Jable , near Lattaquie , on the Syrian coast .
This organisation , which relies on a network of militants and medical sources , was unable to identify the origin of the explosions .
It &apos;s a comeback in black and white for Marie Chouinard , who is staging &quot; A Danse Danse &quot; , her two new group choreographies : the first inspired by the ink drawings and poems of Henri Michaux , the second inspired by the famous piano solos of Gymnopédies de Satie .
This is an evening that showcases Chouinard &apos;s entire spectrum , from art to mannerisms and from the blackness of ink to whiteness .
The background is a white screen .
On the carpet , which is also white , in the immense space of the Théâtre Maisonneuve , a body appears , in profile , as thin as a line and dressed in black .
An Henri Michaux ink drawing is projected onto the screen .
The body , a simple stroke , takes its shape .
And this shape is definitive of the entire piece : it is a series of physical representations of drawings .
The dancers , all dressed in black , with only their hands and faces uncovered , wait on each side of the stage ; they hurry on when the next graphic appears , incarnate it , then run off again .
This Henri Michaux play with black and white is performed as a series of solos , in a group in unison ( a mass acting as a solo ) , a large group of twelve solos , in which each individual makes a representation of their own sign .
It is reminiscent of &quot; Gloire du matin &quot; , wherein , in the form of solos , Chouinard delivers a series of choreographic tasks drawn on cartels and lined up at the front of the stage .
It is the same principle in a giant PowerPoint version .
In this performance , the music is loud , accompanied by percussion and electric guitars .
The energy is great , and the rhythm fast .
There is a break when Carol Prieur takes refuge under the dance mat , microphone in hand , to deliver , with no sobriety or reserve , part of a Michaux poem , in the flat monotonous voice of an auction , then continues to dance .
The music starts again , and the sequence continues .
This sustained ( if that is possible ) discharge of sound and energy ends up being deafening and numbing ,
as does the regularity of the visual rhythm .
There are several beautiful flashes - the creation of images has always been one of Chouinard &apos;s strong points - like the hair that is ruffled or the black fabric that extends the lines .
But the choreographic approach lacks composition .
One gets the impression that , instead of going in search of Michaux &apos;s work , the choreographer has imposed herself on it with using her mannerisms .
The result is bodies that seem flat in front of the drawings .
The Michaux inks , like Gestalt shapes , provide a level of imagination broader and richer than dance , more porous .
Only at the end , which is in negative , with the dancers broken up a strobe lights and becoming white symbols in a suddenly dark theatre , does it touch on magic .
The audience liked it , the reception was warm .
After the interval , the Gymnopédies is richer .
The stage is partly draped in grey , the dancers and a piano are covered in fabric , like furniture in an abandoned house .
At the piano , dancers take turns to play the scores .
Their touching musical awkwardness shows real fragility .
Couples cross the stage as pairs of lovers , very sensual , even erotic .
Group work , small transiting solos , moving as a group , a chorus , makes the depiction less binary .
Clowns appear , another regular feature of Chouinard &apos;s work , wearing red noses , in very polarised parades of male / female lovers .
Their loves are toothy , evasive or playful .
The body movements , the laughter , the small cries beautifully translate the archaicness , the gracefulness and the absurdity of bodies in coitus , of beings melting into each other .
But the piece really takes off after the bow .
A clown comes back on stage as the audience is leaving .
At that point , anything goes : the fourth wall comes down , the explored universes are superimposed , the dancers ham it up , come down among the spectators , talk , smoke , pass through , play with the etiquette of applause , build up the hype amid a consciously calculated disorder that remains sensual .
They exude joy and madness , and that is Chouinard &apos;s art ; contaminating the audience .
Google , Samsung , Huawei sued over Nortel patents
The group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday against cell phone manufacturers including Google , the company it outbid in the Nortel bankruptcy auction .
Rockstar , the consortium that bought the Nortel patents for $ 4.5 billion , sued Samsung Electronics Co Ltd , HTC Corp , Huawei and four other companies for patent infringement in U.S. District Court in Texas .
Rockstar is jointly owned by Apple , Microsoft , Blackberry , Ericsson and Sony .
Google is accused of infringing seven patents .
The patents cover technology that helps match Internet search terms with relevant advertising , the lawsuit said , which is the core of Google &apos;s search business .
Representatives for Samsung , Huawei , HTC and Rockstar could not immediately be reached .
Samsung , Huawei and HTC all manufacture phones that operate on Google &apos;s Android operating system , which competes fiercely with Apple and Microsoft mobile products .
In 2011 Google placed an initial $ 900 million bid for Nortel &apos;s patents .
Google increased its bid several times , ultimately offering as much as $ 4.4 billion .
After losing out to Rockstar on the Nortel patents , Google went on to acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion , a deal driven partly by Motorola &apos;s library of patents .
&quot; Despite losing in its attempt to acquire the patents @-@ in @-@ suit at auction , Google has infringed and continues to infringe , &quot; the lawsuit said .
Rockstar is seeking increased damages against Google , as it claims Google &apos;s patent infringement is willful , according to the complaint .
Gesves : Faulty Water Heater Causes Explosion of House
The grandmother apparently lit a cigarette while there was a gas leak ,
leading to an explosion in a house in Gesves that left two people seriously injured on Friday morning - the 52 @-@ year @-@ old grandmother and her 5 @-@ year @-@ old grandson . The explosion was caused by a gas leak in a faulty water heater , the assistant public prosecutor said on Friday evening .
The expert , who was dispatched to the scene by the public prosecutor &apos;s office , stated that the cause of the explosion was purely accidental .
The grandmother lit a cigarette when there was a gas leak and a build @-@ up of gas .
The condition of the two victims remains critical .
The grandmother was thrown across the room by the explosion and seriously burnt .
The little boy , who was staying with his grandfather and partner , was by her side and suffered less serious burns .
&quot; The two victims were intubated and treated for some time at the site , before being taken to the CHU in Liège , by helicopter and by ambulance for the grandmother and her grandson respectively , &quot; said Mayor José Paulet on visiting the site .
The traumatised grandfather was upstairs at the time of the explosion .
He was unhurt and , thus , able to go downstairs using the staircase which had remained intact , though the rear wall of the house was completely destroyed .
The grandfather and the tenant of the house next door , which was weakened by the explosion , have been accommodated elsewhere by the head of the social services .
The Andenne and Namur fire departments and the police from Arches intervened .
The Crisnée civil protection services has stabilised the two buildings .
Egypt swears in first freely elected president
Mohamed Morsi takes the oath of office but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark end of political strife in Egypt .
ISLAMIST Mohamed Morsi promised a &quot; new Egypt &quot; as he took the oath of office to become the country &apos;s first freely elected president , succeeding Hosni Mubarak who was ousted 16 months ago .
At his inauguration before the Supreme Constitutional Court , Morsi also became the Arab world &apos;s first freely elected Islamist president and Egypt &apos;s fifth head of state since the overthrow of the monarchy some 60 years ago .
He took the oath before the court &apos;s 18 black @-@ robed judges in its Nile @-@ side seat built to resemble an ancient Egyptian temple .
&quot; We aspire to a better tomorrow , a new Egypt and a second republic , &quot; Morsi said during a solemn ceremony shown live on state television .
&quot; Today , the Egyptian people laid the foundation of a new life - absolute freedom , a genuine democracy and stability , &quot; said Morsi , a 60 @-@ year @-@ old US @-@ trained engineer from the Muslim Brotherhood , a fundamentalist group that has spent most of the 84 years since its inception as an outlawed organisation harshly targeted by successive governments .
Hundreds of soldiers and policemen guarded the building as Morsi arrived shortly after 11am local time in a small motorcade .
Only several hundred supporters gathered outside the court to cheer the new president and , in a departure from the presidential pomp of the Mubarak years , traffic was only briefly halted to allow his motorcade through on the usually busy road linking the city centre with its southern suburbs .
Derided as the Brotherhood &apos;s uncharismatic &quot; spare tyre , &quot; his personal prestige has surged since his victory and his delivery of a Friday speech that tried to present him as a candidate not just of Islamists but of all those who want to complete the work of the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian Mubarak .
&quot; Egypt today is a civil , national , constitutional and modern state , &quot; Morsi , wearing a blue business suit and a red tie , told the judges in the wood @-@ panelled chamber where he took the oath of office .
Morsi later travelled to Cairo University where he was to make his inauguration address .
He was given an official welcome by an army band that played the national anthem as he stood to attention .
Military ruler Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi was in attendance .
His arrival was greeted with chants of , &quot; The army and the people are one hand , &quot; from the hundreds gathered in the university &apos;s main lecture room .
Established in 1908 as a bastion of secular education , Cairo University later became a stronghold of Islamist student groups in the 1970s .
Morsi took a symbolic oath on Friday in Tahrir Square , birthplace of the uprising that ended Mubarak &apos;s authoritarian rule last year , and vowed to reclaim presidential powers stripped from his office by the military council that took over from the ousted leader .
But by agreeing to take the official oath before the court , rather than before parliament as is customary , he is bowing to the military &apos;s will in an indication that the contest for power will continue .
Morsi &apos;s speech in Tahrir Square was filled with dramatic populist gestures .
The shutdown in the USA has slowed down the automotive market .
According to figures published on Friday by manufacturers , five of the top six of which have recorded results below expectations , the 16 @-@ day shutdown of most federal administration services suppressed growth in car sales in the USA in October .
The three major manufacturers in Detroit realised double @-@ digit growth as compared to October 2012 , but only General Motors performed better than expected .
Analysts had forecast average sales of 15.4 million units ( annualised rate , adjusted with seasonal variations ) , but the market settled at 15.3 million , according to estimates by Adam Jonas , an analyst at Morgan Stanley .
In a note to the bank &apos;s clients , he states that this slight slow @-@ down can principally be explained by &quot; the government shutdown and its impact on consumers &apos; feelings in the first half of the month . &quot;
Nevertheless , GM has reported an increase of about 16 % in sales last month with 226,402 vehicles , as compared to 211,563 expected by consensus .
The four brands of the group saw an improvement in their commercial performance over October 2012 .
Ford , which is still reaping benefits from the success of its pick @-@ up trucks amongst other things , saw sales increase by 14 % over a year to 191,985 vehicles , against an expectation of 194,301 .
On its part , Chrysler , which is controlled by Fiat , announced an 11 % increase in sales with 140,083 vehicles , against an expected 143,536 .
Toyota and Nissan also reported sales below expectations , despite increases of 8.8 % and 14.2 % respectively over a year .
On the New York Stock Exchange , GM shares gained 1.4 % at 16 : 35 GMT , while Ford lost 1.1 % .
Renault Share Price Plummets Following Nissan Warning
Renault recorded the biggest drop on the SBF 120 index in Paris on Friday after its partner , Nissan Motors , announced that it had reduced its net annual profit forecast by almost 20 % , traders report .
Nissan , which was forced to make the revision , also announced a management restructuring .
Several traders reported that Renault shares had been affected by the warning this morning .
&quot; It &apos;s clearly because of the Nissan profit warning , &quot; said a trading representative from a Paris broker .
Under the Renault @-@ Nissan alliance , Renault holds 43.4 % of Nissan &apos;s capital and the Japanese manufacturer 15 % of the French company &apos;s , according to data on the Nissan website .
Greece : Two Dead in Shooting Near Neo @-@ Nazi Party Office
Two people were killed and another seriously injured on Friday evening by gunshots fired by two people on a motorbike that was passing an office used by neo @-@ Nazi party , Golden Dawn , in the western suburbs of Athens , a police source has said .
The police are currently unable to give any information on the identity of the victims or any political affiliations they had .
According to reports from some Greek media , members of Golden Dawn said the victims were guarding the party &apos;s premises .
The injured person was immediately taken to hospital , the same source said .
Anti @-@ terrorist service police rushed to the main avenue in the suburb of Neo Iraklio , where the incident took place , and sealed off the area .
The incident comes a few weeks after six Golden Dawn members , including the leader and founder of the party , were charged with being part of a &quot; criminal organisation &quot; , within the framework of an operation aimed at the party following the murder of an anti @-@ fascist musician by one of its members .
Scott Brown Appeal Rejected
Scott Brown , Glasgow Celtic captain , has had his appeal rejected and will miss his club &apos;s next two Champion &apos;s League matches , against Ajax and AC Milan .
The Scotland midfielder was sent off for a foul against Neymar in the match against FC Barcelona . UEFA has now extended his suspension to three matches .
In a press release , the club said it was &quot; very disappointed &quot; and that the appeal was entirely justified .
Close to 50,000 homes throughout the province were left without power shortly after midday on Friday , due to violent winds hitting numerous regions along the St Lawrence River .
The sectors worst affected are the Laurentides , Montérégie , and Outaouais , with 15,042 , 13,464 and 8,642 customers respectively plunged into darkness .
The metropolitan region of Montreal is also experiencing its share of breakdowns , with close to 7,000 homes in the city and in Laval left without power .
Thought travel agents were a thing of the past thanks to the internet ?
Flight Centre seem to be bucking the trend .
The company has upgraded its full year profit forecast and is looking to record earnings from holidaymakers in Australia and the United Kingdom .
The travel company now expects its full year underlying profit before tax to be between $ 325 million and $ 340 million , compared with the $ 305 million to $ 315 million it previously forecast .
If the current guidance is achieved it will represent a 12 to 17 per cent growth on the record $ 290.4 million profit it achieved in 2011 / 12 .
Managing director Graham Turner said Flight Centre had made 8 per cent profit in the first half and had started the second half strongly especially in Australian and UK non @-@ business travel .
&quot; Year @-@ to @-@ date , our 10 countries are profitable and several are on track for record full @-@ year earnings before interest and tax contributions , &quot; he said .
This includes Australia and the United Kingdom , which are typically our largest profit generators .
In Australia the leisure business rebounded during the second half which offset a slightly weaker domestic corporate travel market .
Similarly in the UK , Flight Centre &apos;s leisure business performed well while corporate clients were spending less .
Its US business had recovered its losses during its seasonally weaker first half and was expected to deliver its third consecutive full year profit .
Flight Centre shares were up 3c at $ 38.20 yesterday .
Unknown Persons Open Fire on Hotel Near Pyramids in Cairo
Unknown persons wearing hoods opened fire on a hotel close to the pyramids in Cairo , Egypt this Friday . Nobody was hurt in the incident which apparently resulted from an argument involving workers who had been made redundant .
The attackers fled , according to the spokesperson of the Ministry of the Interior , Police General Abdel Latif .
The attack took place at a time when Egypt is hardly receiving any tourists since the army deposed the Islamic President , Mohamed Morsi , in early July and bloodily suppresses demonstrations by his supporters .
Schools urged to focus more on maths , spelling and grammar
English literature courses will require pupils to study at least one Shakespeare play , a 19th century novel , Romantic poetry and contemporary British fiction from 1914 onwards .
The exam will also feature &quot; unseen texts &quot; to encourage wider reading ;
A combined English literature and language course will be scrapped .
From 2015 , pupils will be required to take a standalone GCSE in language , with strong incentives to choose English literature as a separate qualification .
The Department for Education is due to release the new syllabuses in English and maths tomorrow - the first subjects to undergo a radical overhaul .
It will make changes in other core subjects next year .
In a separate move , Ofqual , the exams regulator , will unveil a shake @-@ up of the structure of GCSEs , with a new grading system and less coursework .
Speaking in the summer , Michael Gove , the Education Secretary , said there was a &quot; widespread consensus that we need to reform our examination system to restore public confidence , &quot; insisting GCSEs would be &quot; more challenging , more ambitious and more rigorous . &quot;
Studies show that English schools devote less time to maths - 116 hours a year or three hours a week during term time - than in most countries .
By comparison , Australian schools provide an average of 143 hours a year and pupils do around 138 hours in Singapore .
While there will be no formal requirement to devote more of the timetable to maths , Coalition sources said the extensive maths GCSE - combined with more weighting for the subject in league tables - was likely to encourage schools to provide extra teaching .
The syllabus will place a greater focus on &quot; real world problems , &quot; including financial mathematics .
This judgement means that it will be possible to enforce a law which was adopted in this state in July and widely brings the issue of the right to abortion into question .
Octogenarian in Le Muy Greets Children with Gun on Halloween
The minors , aged between 9 and 13 , were going from door to door asking for sweets on Halloween evening when
one of the riverside residents the children called on in the district of Le Muy opened the door holding his hunting rifle .
The 86 @-@ year @-@ old man told police he was afraid .
His weapon was seized .
Former Gestapo Chief Buried in Jewish Cemetery
Heinrich Muller , who was never found after disappearing at the end of the Second World War , was actually buried in a common grave in a Jewish cemetery in Berlin , the head of the German Resistance Memorial , Professor Johannes Tuchel , confirmed to Bild .
Muller did not survive the war .
&quot; His body was buried in a common grave in the Jewish cemetery in Berlin Mitte in 1945 , &quot; he confirmed in the popular daily newspaper , basing his statement on archives .
This revelation comes 68 years after the fall of Adolf Hitler &apos;s Nazi regime and solves one of the big post @-@ War mysteries .
The German Secret Service , the BND , declared in summer 1949 that Muller was in Karlovy Vary , then in Czechoslovakia , according to a document obtained by Bild .
But the secret services were completely wrong .
&quot; Muller &apos;s body was found in August 1945 by a commando in a temporary grave near the former Ministry of Aviation of the Reich , &quot; says Mr. Tuchel .
He was wearing &quot; a general &apos;s uniform &quot; .
&quot; His service papers and photo , amongst other things , were found in the inside left pocket , &quot; he continued .
Bild also published a document from the borough hall of the Mitte district in Berlin , indicating that he had been buried in the district &apos;s Jewish cemetery .
The president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany , Dieter Graumann , said he was shocked by the revelation .
Finding that one of the most brutal Nazi sadists was buried in a Jewish cemetery is an abhorrent enormity , he said .
&quot; The memory of the victims is being trampled underfoot in the worst manner , &quot; he said disgustedly in the paper .
Heinrich Muller was one of the major figures in the Third Reich never to be captured .
He took part in the Wannsee Conference in January 1942 , where the &quot; final solution &quot; was decided upon , and notably was in command of Adolf Eichmann , who was responsible for the &quot; logistics &quot; of the extermination of the Jews and who was sentenced to death and executed in Israel in 1962 .
Pamela Anderson chops off those iconic blonde locks , debuts dramatic new pixie cut .
Pam &apos;s blonde locks were made famous by her role in sexy TV show Baywatch .
Pamela Anderson is the latest celebrity to shock fans with a dramatic new hairdo .
The ex @-@ Baywatch babe has ditched her long blonde locks in favour of a platinum pixie crop .
The 46 @-@ year @-@ old actress revealed her latest look while out and about in LA on Wednesday and shared a snap on her Twitter page .
It &apos;s the first time in 20 years that the blonde beauty has had short hair , and we &apos;re loving the demure change .
What do you think about Pammy &apos;s hair ?
Share with us your thoughts in the comments below .
Trekking through mud , rivers and jungle to provide free medical care
Dr. Georges Bwelle is bringing free health care to rural villages in Cameroon
Bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend seeing hundreds of patients
There aren &apos;t many doctors in the west African country ; just one for every 5,000 people
Cast your vote here or through your mobile device
Dr. Georges Bwelle is one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013 .
You can vote for him , or any of the other top 10 Heroes , to be CNN Hero of the Year .
That person will receive $ 250,000 to continue their extraordinary work .
For 21 years , Georges Bwelle watched his ill father slip in and out of consciousness , traveling to hospitals that weren &apos;t equipped to help him .
Jamef Bwelle was injured in a 1981 car accident near Yaounde , Cameroon &apos;s capital .
He suffered only a broken arm at first , but an infection developed and spread to his brain , creating a hematoma that would affect him for the rest of his life .
&quot; There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon , &quot; Georges Bwelle said .
We would have taken him out of Cameroon if we had the money .
Instead , Bwelle spent years escorting his father to overcrowded clinics and hospitals , getting whatever treatment they could get .
&quot; It &apos;s not easy , &quot; Bwelle said .
You can leave home at 5 a.m. , running to the hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
There are a lot of patients .
Some people can die because they are waiting .
The situation hasn &apos;t changed much since Bwelle &apos;s father passed away in 2002 .
In Cameroon , there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people , according to the World Health Organization .
For comparison &apos;s sake , the ratio in the United States is one doctor for every 413 people .
And even if they could see a physician , many Cameroonians couldn &apos;t afford it .
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and nearly three @-@ quarters of the country &apos;s health @-@ care spending is private .
&quot; The only problem they have is poverty , &quot; Bwelle said .
And with poverty , they cannot enjoy their life .
Seeing his father and so many of his countrymen suffer , Bwelle was determined to do something about it .
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers have performed 700 free surgeries in the past year .
He became a doctor himself , working as a vascular surgeon in Yaounde &apos;s Central Hospital .
And he started a nonprofit , ASCOVIME , that travels into rural areas on weekends to provide free medical care .
Since 2008 , he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people .
Almost every Friday , he and up to 30 people jam into vans , tie medical supplies to the roofs and travel across rough terrain to visit villages in need .
Their luck doesn &apos;t always hold out .
They &apos;ve had to push vehicles through rivers and mud more than once .
But when they arrive , they receive a true heroes &apos; welcome : a feast , singing and dancing , and the best accommodations the community can offer .
In these villages , free medical care is truly a cause for celebration , and Bwelle -- with his big smile and boundless energy -- is more than happy to join in the fun .
The next morning , the team begins meeting with hundreds of patients .
&quot; We are receiving 500 people in each trip , &quot; Bwelle said .
They are coming from 60 kilometers around the village , and they &apos;re coming on foot .
Each of these weekend clinics provides a variety of medical care .
Many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases .
Others might receive crutches , a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that &apos;s required for school but that many impoverished families simply can &apos;t afford .
In the evenings , the team will do simple surgeries with local anesthesia .
Operations are usually done in a schoolhouse , town hall or home ; after the procedure , patients get up and walk to the recovery area to make way for the next person .
With the group &apos;s generator lighting the operating room and sanitizing equipment , Bwelle and his volunteers work into the early hours of Sunday morning .
It &apos;s a backbreaking pace , but village musicians usually help keep the team motivated .
&quot; They are beating drums all night to keep us awake and continue our work , &quot; Bwelle said .
On Sunday , the team heads back to the city , tired but proud of their work .
The group -- a mix of Cameroonian doctors and foreign medical students -- has performed 700 free surgeries in the past year , and they know that their help can make a world of difference to those they help .
One man explained that the free hernia surgery he &apos;d received will allow him to work again .
&quot; This will change my future with my family , &quot; the man said .
In addition to holding these weekend clinics and working as a hospital surgeon , Bwelle also works nights at private medical clinics around Yaounde .
It &apos;s this second job , he said , that funds about 60 % of his nonprofit ; the rest is covered by private donations .
&quot; I &apos;m not sure when he sleeps , &quot; said Katie O &apos;Malley , a second @-@ year medical student from Drexel University in Philadelphia and volunteer with Bwelle &apos;s group .
He is always either at the hospital or trying to make money for the organization so he can go on these campaigns .
For medical and nursing students such as O &apos;Malley , who come from the United States and Europe to join Bwelle on his missions , it &apos;s a hands @-@ on opportunity they &apos;d never get at home .
&quot; We &apos;ve been able to scrub in on surgeries where we help blot blood away or hold tools for Dr. Bwelle , &quot; O &apos;Malley said .
That &apos;s not something you &apos;d ever get to do in America as a second @-@ year medical student .
The student volunteers usually pay their own way to Cameroon , often arriving with donated medical supplies .
But once they arrive in Yaounde , their board , transportation and instruction are covered by Bwelle .
&quot; He &apos;s a hero , without a doubt , &quot; O &apos;Malley said .
He gives his life to this organization , and his desire to help the Cameroon people is everlasting .
For Bwelle , the near @-@ constant workload isn &apos;t a hardship .
Helping others live happier lives , fulfilling a promise he made to his father , is something that brings him great joy .
&quot; I am so happy when I am doing this work , &quot; Bwelle said .
And I think about my father .
I hope he sees what I am doing .
To make people laugh , to reduce the pain , that &apos;s why I &apos;m doing this .
Check out the ASCOVIME website and see how to help .
Pierre Nora &apos;s Two Frances
Perplexed by his work , academics have long struggled to define and place Pierre Nora .
Is he a professor in lecture halls and classrooms ?
Of course , but with emphasis on his fondness for byroads , at Sciences @-@ Po ( French Institute of Political Sciences ) , and Hautes Etudes ( School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences ) .
Does he play an arbiter of the work of others from his office in Rue Gaston @-@ Gallimard ?
Yes , but while ignoring his lesser known work and underground writing as an editor .
Is he the heir to Fontenelle &apos;s chair at the Académie Française ?
Yes again , but he knows that such an honour cannot replace the real holy oil , the philosophical work , which he has foregone .
They have gladly acknowledged him as a great awakener , a driving force , a unifier of their work , but observed that he seemed disinclined to produce such work himself .
The monumental &quot; Lieux de mémoire &quot; ( places of memory ) , to which his name is attached , has also contributed to this unclear image .
Scandal @-@ mongers have regarded this work as a gigantic &quot; flea market &quot; , presented by an intelligent and very learned commentator with a keen eye , but who is an incurable &quot; dabbler &quot; .
The two works published by Nora almost two years ago have already proven that though he appeared not to write , he had written - plentifully and well .
This book should definitively do him justice .
However , once again , there is a tendency towards ubiquity , intellectual roaming , jubilation in jumping , as if with both feet tied , from one subject to another .
Nevertheless , one quickly understands that the disparate objects gathered together in this beautifully titled book lead the &quot; second @-@ hand goods dealer &quot; to a constant passion , that of discovering the core that makes up the French identity .
Why these dramatic appeals for national unity ?
Identity is a contemporary preoccupation .
Not long ago , we were asked to collectively define it .
But , in the peremptory minds of our former leaders , French identity was a timeless essence .
All it took was to highlight its mistakes and , in keeping with Jacobinism , the issue would be entrusted to prefects and sub @-@ prefects - the authorised interpreters .
What Pierre Nora is searching for is something else .
He does not position himself as an heir to an eternal Frenchness ; he rejects the definition .
As an analyst anxious about a familiar strangeness , he wanders in a forest of symbols , stops after each step to examine an object in the form of a puzzle , tormented by irritating questions ,
such as this , which arises from the undertaking itself : why , in a country so permanently established within its frontiers , with such an ancient structure and that is so solidly built , do we hear these dramatic calls for unity ?
The calls are pressing only because of the need to ward off the trouble caused by discord in French history , says Nora .
Franks and Gauls , Armagnacs and Burgundians , Catholics and Protestants : the forces of division in this country are very ancient .
And the most emblematic is clearly that which split national history in two :
since the upheaval of the Revolution , the French have had two histories and two nations - one monarchic , the other revolutionary .
The second tried to kill off the first , but failed to wipe it out ; on the contrary , it was wary of letting it rediscover its sacredness and was so eager for unity and indivisibility that it cut off the head of the person who was the evident and powerful incarnation of the two .
And from there was born an invincibly bipartite nation , split into left and right , lay and Catholic , adoration and hatred for the Revolution .
To understand this unique aspect of the French identity , there is nothing better than taking a short trip outside of metropolitan France , so much so that Pierre Nora &apos;s American venture could be the heart of his book .
This is because America and France have both had a revolution , drawn up a declaration of rights , and tried to found a new society .
However , our familiarity with America only emphasises even more something that is particular to us .
Over there , people abandoned their former rulers in England and did not have to bother about them any more .
Here , people were bothered by a native old power , and were all the more radical for it .
Over there , the revolution was consensual , whereas here it engendered tragedy and conflict .
There , the founding fathers are still honoured , but here , our revolutionary ancestors are hardly used as role models , besides , they killed each other .
There , there has been institutional consistency ; here there has been a torrent of constitutions , so many mistakes to correct and tests to repeat :
the France on the way out , the France in the making .
However , there has been a time when the French believed they could repair the damage done to their history and overcome the curse of the number two .
Pierre Nora has shown has shown great interest and even tenderness for this Third Republic : he salutes those who tried at the time to repair the divide created by the Revolution by teaching students about everything in the former France that obscurely paved the way for the modern France , and by offering them a unified version of their history .
Yet , this pacified identity has had its day .
Here we are in debate once again , shaken by a new type of immigration , threatened by the inflow of protesting minorities , absorbed into the European framework .
The book thus offers both a fascinating portrait of the France on the way out , and a circumspect outline of the France in the making .
And , on top of that , there is the portrait of the historian , which should hold some surprises .
It reveals that the wanderer liked to stay at home .
The man of many curiosities is - slightly obsessively - focused on a single idea .
The one who prowled at the edges was standing in the heart of the centre .
And the man who rejected a notion of a nation over half a century ago , but who escaped from the initiatory exercise of the philosophical work , confides in us , cum grano salis , that he has ended up doing it after all .
And so he has , but in a less formal , and more exploded and subtle form .
A form , which - make no mistake - is just as restrictive ,
because , over and above the format imposed in the university course , this philosophical work speaks of the inner necessity of a life .
Former Hostage in Lebanon Says &quot; Coming Back is Difficult to Handle &quot;
Journalist Jean @-@ Louis Normandin was kidnapped on 08 March 1986 , along with three members of his Antenne 2 team who had come to film a Hezbollah demonstration , and was set free almost 21 months later , on 27 November 1987 .
He retired in 2008 , but in 2004 he helped set up a hostage defence association , &quot; Otages du Monde &quot; ( &quot; Hostages of the World &quot; ) , which he has been running for several years .
The main objective of the association is to make it possible for hostages to press charges and bring their kidnappers before the International Criminal Court .
Four AQMI ( Al @-@ Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ) hostages , Daniel Larribe , Thierry Dol , Pierre Legrand and Marc Feret , were freed on Tuesday after being held for over 1,000 days .
Following medical examinations at the military hospital in Val @-@ de @-@ Grâce on Wednesday afternoon , they have now been reunited with their families .
Now they can gradually try to resume their lives .
&quot; Le Nouvel Observateur &quot; interviewed 62 @-@ year @-@ old Jean @-@ Louis Normandin , a former senior reporter who retired in 2008 and is president of the association &quot; Otages du Monde &quot; .
On the evening you were set free , you appeared on the mid @-@ evening news on Antenne 2 .
What are your memories of being set free today ?
On the ground specifically , in Beirut ?
The day I was set free , I was in the boot of a car where I met Roger Auque - although I couldn &apos;t see him as it was dark .
He said &quot; We &apos;re free , &quot; but I wasn &apos;t sure and thought we might still be killed .
We were very excited , but also very tense .
It was in the middle of a war and the people driving us too were very tense .
They dropped us off on a pavement .
There were Syrian soldiers there .
We were then taken to the Hotel Summerland where the press had gathered .
Some Frenchmen took us to the French Embassy .
That was when I made my first call to my parents , my family , my friends , the press and so on .
I remember taking a one @-@ hour bath ,
and having dinner in a T @-@ shirt at the French Embassy .
I also remember a short night spent talking to Roger and Marchiani .
It was still tense as there was no way of evacuating us to Larnaca airport in Cyprus .
We got there by helicopter and took a private plane to France via Corfu and Solenzara , where Pasqua got on board .
How were you received when you got to French soil ?
We landed at Orly .
Chirac , the Prime Minister , was there .
It was a bit rough ,
the jostling was unbelievable .
And there was a lot of media .
When I left the country , there were three television channels -
when I got back there were loads of them .
Coming down the steps of the aeroplane , being reunited with my son and parents , my friends , that was all very emotional .
Numerous motorbikes followed our car , which was driven by Roussin , from the airport to my home .
The bikes were jostling to get in front and take photos . They followed me all the way home , where I had to do some policing to stop some of them climbing up .
The media pressure was huge .
It wouldn &apos;t stop and we were well placed to know that ...
Yet , the level of emotion and fatigue made it difficult to think clearly .
You come out of a hole and are suddenly in the spotlight of the media .
It &apos;s a bit complicated , a bit of a shock , quite difficult to handle .
But we &apos;d been through the hardest part .
I was on the mid @-@ evening news that same evening , and on TV the following day as well .
Then a very gentle sort of readjustment to life started , lasting one or two months that were a bit like a holiday .
How did the medical examinations and the debriefing with the DGSE ( Directorate General for External Security ) go ?
I had to undergo an initial medical check in Corsica .
The other tests were carried out in Val @-@ de @-@ Grâce in the days after my return : X @-@ rays , examinations of every type , and an appointment with a psychiatrist .
Everything can &apos;t be sorted out in one appointment , but you know you can count on the psychiatrist , call on him if needed , that you have not been abandoned to yourself .
It is all part of the process .
I also met with the intelligence services .
They asked me a lot of questions about the hostage @-@ takers .
It was normal .
It didn &apos;t bother me .
How do you react today to the liberation of the four hostages in Niger ?
I &apos;m listening to what &apos;s being said .
Especially the debate about ransoms .
Some things annoy me , others less so .
I try to distinguish between the questions about my past as a hostage and my role as president of the association &quot; Otages du Monde &quot; , which enables me to keep a distance and seems to me more interesting to deal with .
For example , I think about the definition of resilience .
And , I fight , alongside other people , for the recognition of the legal status of hostages .
I think there is a problem of semantics .
We need to qualify hostage @-@ taking as &quot; political &quot; hostage @-@ taking - that &apos;s what it is for the most part - and enable the hostages to have access to justice , to press charges and to bring their kidnappers before the International Criminal Court .
Today , once again , everyone is wrapped up in compassion , emotion and is rejoicing that the hostages are free .
But who is saying that the hostages may also have access to justice ?
The court in The Hague has been set up for that purpose .
Why should we not say to the hostage @-@ takers : &quot; You have flouted the rules of war and those of all the Geneva Conventions , we &apos;re going to bring you to justice &quot; ?
I think that is justified , legitimate , plain common sense .
People hear the message , but do not listen , and that shocks me .
That &apos;s my main struggle .
Egyptian Islamists Take to Streets to Denounce Morsi Trial
Anger is brewing in the ranks of Egypt &apos;s Islamists .
Two days before the start of the trial of deposed President Mohamed Morsi , they took to the streets .
There have been demonstrations throughout Egypt to demand the reinstatement of the country &apos;s first democratically @-@ elected president .
&quot; It &apos;s not a trial , &quot; says one Muslim Brotherhood activist .
&quot; He has still not been able to see a lawyer and no volunteer has been able to get a copy of the case documents .
It &apos;s not a trial , it &apos;s a farce . &quot;
&quot; The trial of President Morsi is a fake trial , &quot; says an angry Morsi supporter . &quot; He should be having Sisi tried , not the other way round .
Morsi should try Sisi for the massacres of Rabaa , the massacres of Nahda and the massacre by the Republican Guard .
Sisi is a liar and a traitor . &quot;
Confrontations broke out in Alexandria , where the police used tear gas and 60 demonstrators were arrested .
On Monday , 20,000 policemen were deployed in front of the Police Academy in Cairo , where Mohamed Morsi will be tried .
Hagel Accuses 9 US States of Violating Homosexual Rights
Since the Federal government recognised same @-@ sex marriage , &quot; all spouses of military officers have a right to an identity card from the Department of Defense and to the associated benefits , &quot; said the Secretary of Defense in New York , in a speech to the Anti @-@ Defamation League for the fight against anti @-@ Semitism .
&quot; However , some states have refused to issue these cards to same sex spouses in facilities of the National Guard &quot; set up in their region , he criticised , accusing these states of violating federal law and the principle of equality .
Without these cards , such individuals cannot take advantage of numerous social or healthcare services in these bases , or access the shops of the latter .
The Secretary of Defense said he had ordered the Chief of the National Guard , General Frank Grass , to ensure that federal law was implemented .
The refusal by the nine states started with Texas , which refused to implement these measures in Texan National Guard facilities due to a conflict between Texan law and the federal law on same @-@ sex marriage .
Indiana , Georgia , Florida , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , South Carolina and West Virginia , followed in refusal , according to a senior Defense official .
The Pentagon estimates that the population concerned by the recognition of same @-@ sex marriage involves about 5,600 active individuals , or 17,000 if the National Guard , the reserve and retired people are included .
Hyeres Hosts Sixth Edition of Play Skateboard on Saturday
The sixth edition of Play Skateboard will be held at the skate park in Hyeres this Saturday , 02 November .
Organised by section SK8 Unity of the Bump association , the competition is expected to bring together the best skaters in the region .
Registrations will be conducted on @-@ site on Saturday morning from 9am , and the qualification stages will follow shortly after at 10am . The final is scheduled for 3pm and the prize @-@ award ceremony for 4pm .
The public will be able to enjoy the technical prowess of young skaters , some of whom , like Hyeres &apos; young star , Lorenzo Palumbo , have already taken part in top @-@ notch competitions .
Just 10 years old , he has already won his place in this year &apos;s European Championships in Copenhagen , and he enjoys nothing more than beating competitors almost twice his size !
Toronto Mayor Chases Off Journalists Seeking to Interview Him on Drug Affair
In Canada , the Mayor of Toronto is suspected of using drugs , according to several media sources .
A video sent to the authorities seems to support these suspicions .
The man concerned , Rob Ford , has always denied having taken crack , but has admitted being partial to cannabis .
This Thursday he drove a number of journalists off his property when they came to interview him .
We also think that sometimes pictures need no explanation or comment .
Rabies Detected in Cat in Val @-@ d &apos;Oise
Officials announced on Thursday 31 October that a case of rabies had been detected in a kitten in Val @-@ d &apos;Oise . The kitten must have come from abroad as France has not had any native cases of the disease since 2001 .
The kitten was found in Argenteuil on 25 October and died on 28 October .
The diagnosis of rabies was confirmed by the Pasteur Institute .
&quot; An epidemiological inquiry was initiated to identify and treat any individuals who may have come into contact with the kitten between 08 to 28 October inclusive , &quot; say the Ministries of Health and Agriculture .
&quot; Five people who had been in contact with the kitten have already been identified , &quot; and have received preventive treatment .
&quot; Preventive treatment for human rabies administered after contact with the carrier animal but before symptoms appear is very effective , &quot; the press release specifies .
The ministries are currently asking anyone who might have been bitten , clawed , scratched or licked on a mucous membrane or on damaged skin by the kitten , or who own an animal that may have been in contact with the kitten between 08 to 28 October , to contact them on 08 11 00 06 95 between 10am and 6pm from 01 November .
&quot; France has been clear of rabies since 2001 . This kitten or the mother were imported from another country where it is still present , &quot; says the press release .
The Ministry of Agriculture states that the last recorded &apos; native &apos; case of rabies was in December 1998 in a fox and that &quot; France was officially declared free of this disease by the World Organisation for Animal Health ( OIE ) in November 2001 . &quot;
A case of rabies in a bitch illegally imported from the Gambia was recorded in 2008 .
&quot; Rabies is a fatal disease if not treated promptly , &quot; the ministries reminded , and it can be transmitted during the fortnight or so before the first symptoms of the disease appear .
Obama &apos;s Health Care Walk Back
Amid a firestorm of criticism , President Obama yesterday walked back his oft @-@ repeated , unambiguous promise that &quot; if you like your health plan , you can keep it . &quot;
With hundreds of thousands receiving cancellation notices from their providers , Republicans have slammed the president in recent days for misleading the American public .
Yesterday , Obama tweaked his original pledge .
&quot; For the vast majority of people who have health insurance that works , you can keep it , &quot; he said in a speech in Boston .
Addressing what he called the &quot; flurry in the news &quot; about the cancellations , Obama urged Americans receiving these notices to shop for new coverage in the marketplace .
Most people are going to be able to get better , comprehensive health care plans for the same price or even cheaper than projected .
&quot; You &apos;re going to get a better deal , &quot; he said .
The administration has said it should come as no surprise that the 5 percent of the population who purchase insurance on their own may be forced to switch plans because their coverage doesn &apos;t meet the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act .
&quot; Let me say directly to these Americans : you deserve better , &quot; Sebelius said in testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee in Washington .
Sebelius , who is overseeing implementation of the Affordable Care Act , said the launch of the online marketplace has gone &quot; miserably &quot; since October .
&quot; I am as frustrated and angry as anyone , &quot; she said .
I am eager to earn your confidence back .
An exasperated Sebelius uttered that phrase , caught by a hot mic , to an aide seated behind her at yesterday &apos;s House hearing following a contentious exchange with Rep. Billy Long , R @-@ Mo . , over whether she should be required to enroll in Obamacare .
More than three hours into the hearing , Long repeatedly pressed Sebelius on why the &quot; architect &quot; of the Affordable Care Act has not voluntarily forgone government @-@ sponsored insurance to purchase a plan through HealthCare.gov , which she is now pitching to millions of Americans .
Vettel Uses New Special Helmet in Abu Dhabi
Lucky winner Jake Vite Prekop combined the colours of the car brand and the German flag , while integrating the notions of speed and heat on the track .
German driver , Sebastian Vettel , quadruple Formula 1 World Champion , wore a special new helmet designed by a 21 @-@ year @-@ old Mexican fan during the free practice sessions for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Friday .
Vettel chose the winning entry from 1,500 designs sent in from all over the world as part of a competition run by one of the sponsors , a car brand in his stable .
The winner was invited to the Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi with a friend and was able to get up close to the German champion , both on the track and in the pits .
Vettel was expected to wear the helmet in the practice sessions on Friday and Saturday .
He will probably have another special helmet for the race on Sunday designed to mark his fourth consecutive world title .
Aubervilliers Resident Launches &quot; Parti de la Banlieue &quot;
Make no mistake ,
in the mind of its founder , Abdel @-@ Malik Djermoune , the &quot; Parti de la Banlieue &quot; does not only target suburban residents .
&quot; I chose a map of France as the logo , &quot; he asserts .
&quot; When I talk about suburbs , I &apos;m referring to all those who feel excluded from the larger national family . &quot;
Be that as it may , his project , which was presented during a press conference in his home town of Aubervilliers on Thursday , was born from a desire to better defend multiculturalism - the great cultural melting pot that , above everything else , characterises these districts .
&quot; My primary proposal is to create a Ministry of Multiculturalism , &quot; he says .
Abdel @-@ Malik Djermoune , a 50 @-@ year @-@ old regional attaché , today claims to be &quot; 100 % apolitical &quot; , although he has not always been neutral .
An activist supporter of Jean @-@ Pierre Chevénement in 2002 , he later supported Dominique de Villepin in the district from 2010 to 2011 .
&quot; I know that the values of equality that I advocate in my manifesto are associated with the Left , but if people on the Right are prepared to support me , I will listen to them too , &quot; he continues .
&quot; It is only extremist parties that I will not talk to . &quot;
Besides multiculturalism , Abdel @-@ Malik Djermoune has built his manifesto - which can be read on the Internet - around various subjects intended to appeal to suburban residents , especially the young : the right to vote for foreigners , the legalisation of cannabis , lowering the voting age to 16 , restoration of the function of caretaker , etc .
He still needs to find candidates to form lists and defend his ideas in the political arena . &quot; It is likely that may be done just in time for the 2014 municipal elections , &quot; he acknowledges .
&quot; The problem is time and money .
However , the &apos; Parti de la Banlieue &apos; should at least be represented in Aubervilliers through my candidacy and in other towns too I hope , &quot; he adds .
Abdel @-@ Malik Djermoune claims there are already seven names on the candidate list in mainland France and in Martinique .
&quot; And the mail expressing support that I have been receiving since yesterday are not all coming from the suburbs , &quot; he says with delight .
John Kerry says US spying has &quot; reached too far inappropriately &quot; in unprecedented admission
John Kerry has indicated a softening of the U.S &apos;s defensive stance on its surveillance programmes with an unprecedented admission that on occasions its spying has &quot; reached too far inappropriately . &quot;
The Secretary of State also admitted that he &apos;d been guilty , along with Barack Obama , of being on &quot; automatic pilot &quot; as incendiary revelations from whistleblower Edward Snowden about the NSA &apos;s spying activities emerged .
The leaks have put the US government at the centre of a diplomatic storm with its allies .
Speaking to an open government conference in London via video link , Mr Kerry said : &quot; There is no question that the President and I and others in government have actually learned of some things that had been happening on an automatic pilot because the ability has been there , going back to World War Two and to the very difficult years of the Cold War , and then , of course , 9 / 11 . &quot;
He then became the first high @-@ ranking member of the U.S government to admit that US spying had crossed the line , but emphasised that no one &apos;s rights had been abused .
He said : &quot; In some cases , it has reached too far inappropriately . &quot;
And the President is determined to try to clarify and make clear for people and is now doing a thorough review in order that nobody will have the sense of abuse .
I assure you innocent people are not being abused in this process .
Mr Kerry insisted , however , that the NSA was a force for good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives .
He added : &quot; We &apos;re dealing in a new world where people are willing to blow themselves up . &quot;
There is radical extremism in the world that is hell @-@ bent and determined to try to kill people and blow people up and attack governments .
So what if you were able to intercept that and stop it before it happens ?
We have actually prevented airplanes from going down , buildings from being blown up , and people from being assassinated because we &apos;ve been able to learn ahead of time of the plans .
Meanwhile , U.S. lawmakers will head to Europe to help address concerns abroad about alleged U.S. spying and convince the Europeans of the need to continue joint anti @-@ terrorism efforts with the U.S. , the chairman of a Senate subcommittee on European affairs said on Thursday .
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said he spoke with European Parliament members and others this week and is concerned about their threats to stop participating in anti @-@ terrorist organizations because of frustration over surveillance by the National Security Agency .
&quot; It &apos;s really important for U.S. national security interests for Europeans to stay on board with us with respect to our mutual anti @-@ terrorism endeavors , &quot; Murphy , a first @-@ term Democrat and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on European Affairs , said in an interview from Washington .
And I &apos;m going to Europe to make it clear to them that we need to continue to work together in combatting terrorism , notwithstanding their anger over these NSA programs .
News reports that the NSA swept up millions of phone records in Europe have frayed relations with some U.S. allies , though the agency &apos;s chief said this week that they were inaccurate and reflected a misunderstanding of metadata that Nato allies collected and shared with the United States .
Other revelations cited documents leaked by Snowden that the NSA monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel &apos;s cellphone and those of up to 34 other world leaders .
The national intelligence director , James Clapper , defended spying on allies as necessary and said it &apos;s commonplace on both sides .
Amid the uproar , Murphy said his office is arranging the congressional trip , expected to take place this year , and hopes the delegation will include members of both parties and both chambers .
Names of other participating lawmakers were to be released in coming days .
He said the itinerary is still being worked out .
While Murphy said the purpose of the trip is to help improve relationships , he said some &quot; tough love &quot; will also be dispensed .
He said European leaders need to be honest with their own people about the kind of espionage programs they &apos;ve used for years themselves .
&quot; While we can amend our surveillance programs to better protect the rights of Europeans , they also need to come to terms with the fact that we &apos;re not the only ones that are out there spying , &quot; Murphy said .
Meanwhile , Mr Kerry is scheduled to head this weekend to the Middle East and Poland to address rancor over U.S. strategies in the Syria , Egypt and Iran as well as U.S. surveillance activities .
The London Stock Exchange closed down on Thursday , with prices brought down by poor results from Shell the day after an announcement by the Fed that it would be maintaining its support for the economy , as planned .
Australian woman appeals Thai jail time
A 21 @-@ year @-@ old Sydney woman sentenced to 15 days jail in Phuket for falsely claiming she was assaulted by a taxi driver is appealing the verdict and has been granted bail .
Stevie Rochelle Bamford was initially found guilty by a Phuket provincial court on June 15 of making false claims after telling Thai police a local taxi driver , with two other men restraining her , carried out the assault in the early hours of Sunday June 10 .
However , CCTV footage later revealed she had returned to her hotel safely after becoming separated from her Australian boyfriend .
Phuket police interviewed Bamford for two days before she confessed to fabricating the story .
She was held in local police cells before the court hearing .
Bamford was sentenced to serve the 15 @-@ day prison term at a low security detention centre on the outskirts of Phuket rather than in an adult women &apos;s jail .
She is the daughter of former Australian league player Peter Tunks , who has appealed to the Department of Foreign Affairs in Canberra to assist his daughter .
Tunks told Sydney &apos;s Sunday Telegraph the whole family was &quot; extremely concerned &quot; about his daughter &apos;s welfare and wanted her back in Australia .
&quot; It &apos;s obviously been a worrying time but we &apos;re hopeful to have her back home safely as soon as possible , &quot; Tunks said .
Bamford is appealing the sentence and has been granted bail of 50,000 baht .
Reports in Australia said that in the meantime , she was holidaying at the resort area of Krabi in Southern Thailand .
Thai @-@ based legal sources said Bamford was being represented by a local lawyer in Phuket but warned that the appeal may lead to the court increasing her sentence by up to two years and forcing her to serve it in an adult prison .
However , following the recent murder of Australian travel agent Michelle Smith in Phuket , Thailand may also be looking to repair its battered tourist image , leading to an acquittal .
French Police to Arrest Anderlecht Supporters Not Travelling in RSCA Buses
The French police have decided to impose strict rules ahead of the match between Royal Sporting Club of Anderlecht and Paris Saint @-@ Germain , set for Thursday , Marie Verbeke , spokesperson for the Brussels @-@ South police district , said on Friday .
Belgian supporters of RSCA who want to travel to the Champions League match will have to use the transportation system provided by RSCA .
&quot; The convoy of buses will be escorted by the police from a former frontier post at Rekem to the PSG stadium , &quot; said the spokesperson .
The arrangement will be the same on the way back .
&quot; If other supporters are intending to travel to Paris by other means , the French Police Department has said that steps have been taken to permit arrests to be made and people to be taken into custody , &quot; Marie Verbeke also announced .
Living together in French is the challenge facing the Commission Scolaire Marguerite @-@ Bourgeoys ( Marguerite Bourgeoys School Board ) .
At the Marguerite @-@ Bourgeoys School Board , 62 % of students have a mother tongue other than French .
This is what inspired a consultation exercise between parents , students , teachers and staff of the education department a year ago to reflect on ways to improve the integration of students who have roots in several cultures .
The School Board has just unveiled its vision of &quot; Living Together in French &quot; .
The organisation , called Vision Diversité , has been visiting schools for the past year to help students of every origin find common reference points that are not limited to the French language .
Discovering neighbourhoods , our architecture , our environment are reference points ,
as are the names of great writers and artists , whether they are of French origin or come from elsewhere .
Who are our builders ?
&quot; Hence , we are developing projects such that they can identify with all of that , &quot; explains the president of Vision Diversité , Aïda Kamar .
Michel Venne , from the Institut du Nouveau Monde ( New World Institute ) has identified a number of challenges for the School Board .
&quot; Sharing what Quebec culture is , for example , the sense of belonging , support for people going through the changes we are experiencing within the student body , &quot; he lists .
The Marguerite @-@ Bourgeoys School Board has created a research centre that will provide tools for teachers , who , themselves , sometimes come from elsewhere .
Rachida Azdouz from the University of Montreal will be the scientific director .
Preparation to manage a class in a North @-@ American and Quebec context .
&quot; The real need is for different educational strategies , &quot; she summarises .
The research will address inclusion from every angle : linguistic , educational , social and cultural .
